
β‑Lactams against the Fortress of the Gram-Positive Staphylococcus
aureus Bacterium
Jed F. Fisher* and Shahriar Mobashery*

Cite This: Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463 Read Online

ACCESS Metrics & More Article Recommendations

ABSTRACT: The biological diversity of the unicellular bacteriawhether assessed by
shape, food, metabolism, or ecological nichesurely rivals (if not exceeds) that of the
multicellular eukaryotes. The relationship between bacteria whose ecological niche is the
eukaryote, and the eukaryote, is often symbiosis or stasis. Some bacteria, however, seek
advantage in this relationship. One of the most successfulto the disadvantage of the
eukaryoteis the small (less than 1 μm diameter) and nearly spherical Staphylococcus aureus
bacterium. For decades, successful clinical control of its infection has been accomplished
using β-lactam antibiotics such as the penicillins and the cephalosporins. Over these same
decades S. aureus has perfected resistance mechanisms against these antibiotics, which are
then countered by new generations of β-lactam structure. This review addresses the current
breadth of biochemical and microbiological efforts to preserve the future of the β-lactam
antibiotics through a better understanding of how S. aureus protects the enzyme targets of
the β-lactams, the penicillin-binding proteins. The penicillin-binding proteins are essential
enzyme catalysts for the biosynthesis of the cell wall, and understanding how this cell wall is integrated into the protective cell
envelope of the bacterium may identify new antibacterials and new adjuvants that preserve the efficacy of the β-lactams.

CONTENTS

1. Introduction 3413
2. Gram-Positive Cell Envelope 3417

2.1. Cell Envelope of the Gram-Positive Bacte-
rium 3418

2.1.1. Lipid II Monomer of Peptidoglycan
Biosynthesis 3418

2.1.2. From the Lipid II Monomer to the
Peptidoglycan Polymer 3419

2.1.3. Peptidoglycan Biosynthesis and the S.
aureus Cell Cycle 3421

2.1.4. PBP Catalysis of Transpeptidation and
Inactivation by β-Lactams 3422

2.1.5. PBP Roles in S. aureus Peptidoglycan
Biosynthesis 3422

2.2. S. aureus Cell Envelope beyond the Peptido-
glycan 3424

2.2.1. Wall Teichoic Acids 3424
2.2.2. Lipoteichoic Acids 3426
2.2.3. Membrane 3427

3. Resistance Mechanisms of S. aureus against the β-
Lactams 3428
3.1. Pathogenic S. aureus 3428
3.2. β-Lactam Resistance of Methicillin-Sensitive

S. aureus 3428
3.2.1. MSSA and MRSA 3428
3.2.2. BlaZ and MSSA β-Lactam Resistance 3428

3.2.3. BlaZ β-Lactamase and Current β-Lactam
Chemotherapy for MSSA 3429

3.2.4. BlaI of the blaZ Operon 3429
3.2.5. BlaR of the blaZ Operon 3430
3.2.6. BlaI Proteolysis Following BlaR Activa-

tion 3431
3.2.7. PBP2a as the Primary Resistance Mech-

anism of MRSA 3431
3.2.8. Antibacterial Disruption of PBP2a Allos-

tery 3431
3.2.9. Additional Regulatory Control of the

PBPs 3433
4. Against the Fortress 3438

4.1. β-Lactams against Bacterial Fortresses 3438
4.2. β-Lactams against the S. aureus Fortress: In

the Laboratory 3438
4.3. β-Lactams against the S. aureus Fortress: In

the Clinic 3440
Author Information 3441

Corresponding Authors 3441

Special Issue: Drug Resistance

Received: September 17, 2020
Published: December 29, 2020

Reviewpubs.acs.org/CR

© 2020 American Chemical Society
3412

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

D
ow

nl
oa

de
d 

vi
a 

U
N

IV
 O

F 
N

O
T

R
E

 D
A

M
E

 o
n 

Ja
nu

ar
y 

5,
 2

02
3 

at
 1

5:
27

:1
7 

(U
T

C
).

Se
e 

ht
tp

s:
//p

ub
s.

ac
s.

or
g/

sh
ar

in
gg

ui
de

lin
es

 f
or

 o
pt

io
ns

 o
n 

ho
w

 to
 le

gi
tim

at
el

y 
sh

ar
e 

pu
bl

is
he

d 
ar

tic
le

s.

https://pubs.acs.org/action/doSearch?field1=Contrib&text1="Jed+F.+Fisher"&field2=AllField&text2=&publication=&accessType=allContent&Earliest=&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/action/doSearch?field1=Contrib&text1="Shahriar+Mobashery"&field2=AllField&text2=&publication=&accessType=allContent&Earliest=&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/action/showCitFormats?doi=10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?goto=articleMetrics&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?goto=recommendations&?ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=tgr1&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/toc/chreay/121/6?ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/toc/chreay/121/6?ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/toc/chreay/121/6?ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/toc/chreay/121/6?ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/toc/chreay/121/6?ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/toc/chreay/121/6?ref=pdf
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org?ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf


Author Contributions 3441
Notes 3441
Biographies 3441

Acknowledgments 3441
Abbreviations Used 3441
References 3441

1. INTRODUCTION

The Three Fates of Greek mythology spun, measured, and cut
the threads of human lives. Throughout historyand
continuing to this daya reliable blade for cutting the thread
of life is infection by the spherically shaped Gram-positive
bacterium Staphylococcus aureus. While the entry of antibiotics in
themid-20th century into clinical medicine significantly reduced
bacterial morbidity and mortality from infections, pathogenic
bacteria were not vanquished but became manageable. In the
intervening decades successive acquisition of resistance
mechanisms have challenged this management. As a result of
the continuous refinement of its defensive and offensive
capabilities,1,2 S. aureus remains a nefarious pathogen.3−6 Its
adverse impact on human health can be assessed not just in
terms of morbidity and mortality but also in terms of the
economic cost of hospital length-of-stay and overall cost.7 As
befits its persistent place in both human and animal infection,
complementary perspectives on its genetics,8−11 its biochemis-
try,12−14 its resistance mechanisms,8,15 its virulence,16,17 and its
chemotherapeutic control are compelling topics.18−23 Of all of
the antibiotic classes, the β-lactams offer exquisite affordability,
safety, and efficacy.24 Indeed, S. aureus infection was the first
indication for penicillin G when the first small quantities of this
penicillin became available. Nonetheless, the infectious history
of the S. aureus is one of successive structural refinement of the
β-lactam to counter resistance mechanisms, which emerged in
response to β-lactam antibacterial therapy. Whereas once S.
aureus infection was treatable with the first penicillins (including
penicillin G, structure 1 of Chart 1), today only two β-lactams
ceftobiprole (5) and ceftaroline (6)are efficacious against the
most highly pathogenic S. aureus strains. Both entities represent
the newest generation of β-lactams of its cephalosporin subclass.
This review presents a perspective on the interplay among
medicine, microbiology, biochemistry, and medicinal chemistry
in order to preserve the advantage of antibiotic chemotherapy
(especially that of the β-lactams) in the face of S. aureus clinical
resistance.
The β-lactams are named for the structural feature that is

essential to their mechanism, the four-membered cyclic amide
(the β-lactam). This cyclic amide participates in the mechanism-
based inactivation of enzymes that are critical catalysts for the
biosynthesis of the peptidoglycan cell-wall polymer of the
bacterium. This polymer surrounds and encases the bacterium,
and the loss of its integrity is lethal to the bacterium. A late-stage
(and possibly final) event in the biosynthesis of this polymer is
the cross-linking of peptide stems present on elongating glycan
strands. The transpeptidase enzymes that catalyze this cross-
linking are inactivated by the β-lactams. β-Lactam recognition
by these enzymes exploits the structural similarity of the β-
lactams to the D-Ala-D-Ala substrate motif of these enzymes as
first discerned by Tipper and Strominger. Their hypothesis
persists as a durable theme in β-lactam structural biochemis-
try.25−30 Chart 2 shows this structural mimicry and compares
the structure of an intact and clinically used cephalosporin β-
lactam and the β-lactam-opened structure of an inactivated

transpeptidase. Scheme 1 gives a rudimentary kinetic scheme,
which contrasts the peptidoglycan substrate and the β-lactam as
inactivator. Loss of this transpeptidase enzymatic activity
initiates events that culminate, as a bactericidal event, in loss
of the structural integrity of this peptidoglycan polymer. Even
prior to the point in time that the β-lactams entered into clinical
use, the S. aureus bacterium had devised, acquired, and near-
perfected resistance mechanisms against the β-lactams. Clinical
use of the β-lactams has made the resistance mechanisms
widespread by the process of selection. The focus of this review
is the recent efforts to understand, in terms of its chemistry and
biochemistry, these resistance mechanisms. The context for this
understanding is the structural chemistry of the peptidoglycan,

Chart 1. Six Representative Structures of the β-Lactams Used
in S. aureus Chemotherapya

aBenzylpenicillin 1 is a first-generation penicillin that lost quickly its
clinical efficacy due to the acquisition by S. aureus of an enzyme, the
BlaZ β-lactamase, which deactivated the penicillin by catalytic
hydrolysis of its β-lactam ring to give the inactive β-amino acid
metabolite. Cefazolin 2 is a first-generation cephalosporin that is a
poor BlaZ substrate and thus is active against methicillin-susceptible
S. aureus (MSSA). Oxacillin 3 and flucloxacillin 4 are second-
generation penicillins of the methicillin class. They are poor BlaZ
substrates and are still used in MSSA therapy. Ceftobiprole 5 and
Ceftaroline 6 are the newest-generation cephalosporins with both
Gram-positive and Gram-negative efficacy. In particular with respect
to S. aureus, both structures have an enhanced ability to be recognized
by and to inactivate the resistance penicillin-binding protein PBP2a of
methicillin-resistant S. aureus (MRSA). Both drugs are used clinically
as prodrug formulations.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3413

https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=cht1&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=cht1&ref=pdf
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


the identity and mechanism of transpeptidase enzymes (the
penicillin-binding proteins or PBPs) that are the targets of the β-
lactams, and how the loss of function of the PBPs culminates as a
bactericidal event.

In PBP inactivation the cyclic amide is opened by an active-
site serine nucleophile of the PBP. In contrast to the reactive
acyl-enzyme species provided by its biosynthetic substrate, the
acyl-enzyme derived from the β-lactam is stable (Scheme 1,

Chart 2. The β-Lactams as Structural Mimetics of the D-Ala-D-Ala Stem Dipeptide Terminus of the Peptidoglycan

The A structures compare (left) the R-D-Ala-D-Ala dipeptide terminus of the stem peptide of the peptidoglycan to the structure (right) of a
penicillin. The red color identifies the structure commonality as proposed by Tipper and Strominger. The left of the B structures is that of the
cephalosporin cefotaxime. To its right is the acyl-enzyme structure of a PBP inactivated by cefotaxime. The mechanism of the inactivation is ring-
opening of the β-lactam by the active-site serine nucleophile to give the stable acyl-enzyme. This acyl-enzyme is stable as it is unreactive for acyl-
transfer. In normal PBP catalysis, the acyl moiety of a peptidoglycan-derived acyl-enzyme is transferred, as a crosslinking reaction, to the terminal
amine of the bridge peptide of an adjacent peptidoglycan strand. The correlation between the irreversible incorporation of penicillins into the
bacterial PBPs, and the bactericidal mechanism of the penicillins, by Strominger was a milestone both for mechanistic enzymology and for the
determination of antibiotic mechanism.31

Scheme 1. Mechanism of the β-Lactams Is PBP Inactivation by the Formation of a Stable Acyl-Enzyme Derived from the β-
Lactama

aThis scheme provides spare kinetic summaries for PBP turnover of substrates and inactivation by β-lactams. The upper kinetic equation is
substrate turnover. The PBP recognizes the R-D-Ala-D-Ala terminus of the peptidoglycan stem (see Scheme 2). From this Michaelis complex, an
active-site lysine catalyzes opening of the β-lactam ring by a nucleophilic serine to give an acyl-enzyme intermediate. The PBP family divides
between PBPs that catalyze peptidoglycan polymerization and peptidoglycan remodeling. In S. aureus the polymerizing PBPs transfer the acyl
moiety, achieving a crosslinking reaction, to the amine of the terminal glycine residue of the bridge peptide of an adjacent peptidoglycan strand. In
this scheme the bridge acyl-acceptor is abbreviated as R′-Gly. Note that the use of R′-Gly is not general, as different bacteria have different bridge
structures. This kinetic sequence is contrasted with PBP inactivation by β-lactams. Here, the β-lactam is recognized as an R-D-Ala-D-Ala structural
mimetic, and the active-site serine is acylated efficiently (lower kinetic equation). In contrast to PBP turnover, where there is departure of the
terminal D-Ala as a leaving group, no leaving group departs upon β-lactam acylation of the active site serine. As a consequence, the β-lactam-derived
acyl-enzyme (representative structure given in Chart 2) is incompetent for acyl-transfer. It is stable for multiple hours, far too long to sustain
viability to the bacterium. The structural basis for the stability of the β-lactam-derived acyl-enzyme is steric interference with the acyl-acceptor (R′-
Gly in polymerization reaction of S. aureus).30,32,33

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3414

https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=cht2&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=cht2&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=sch1&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=sch1&ref=pdf
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


Chart 2, and Figure 1). The PBP is inactivated. S. aureus uses
multiple resistance mechanismsboth active and (for want of a

better word) passiveto prevent this event. The two active
mechanisms used by S. aureus are well recognized. In the first
mechanism, S. aureus protects its transpeptidases from
inactivation by the efficient hydrolytic destruction of the β-
lactam. The enzyme used for this purposea β-lactamase
enzymeis evolutionarily related to the PBPs.30,35−38 Their
shared relationship is both structural and mechanistic. The β-
lactamase of S. aureus is a “serine” β-lactamase. It recognizes the
β-lactam, uses a catalytic serine to open the β-lactam to form an
acyl-enzyme, and then completes catalytic turnover by transfer
of the acyl moiety to water (fundamental similarity to the PBP
acyl-transfer mechanism summarized by Scheme 1). The second
mechanism is acquisition of a PBP that better distinguishes
substrate (as we shall see, that of the peptide segment of the
peptidoglycan) so as to disfavor β-lactam inactivation (as
structural mimics of that peptide segment). These two
mechanisms combine, respectively, audacity and finesse. S.
aureus strains that have only the first mechanism are termed
methicillin-sensitive (MSSA); methicillin is a second-generation
penicillin. S. aureus strains that have the second or both
mechanisms are termed methicillin-resistant S. aureus (MRSA).

The origin of this terminology is discussed subsequently. Both
MSSA and MRSA bacteria are clinically important. Notably,
MRSA bacteria are resistant to all but the most recent β-lactam
structures and thus present a challenge to antibiotic therapy. A
somber note is that the 70 years of clinical use of the β-lactams
has eliminated all variants of S. aureus that are devoid of a β-
lactam resistance mechanism.
The deduction from the preceding statement, that the options

for the chemotherapeutic control of the MRSA infection are
limited, is correct. S. aureus infections account for 10,000 annual
fatalities in the US alone, the most for any single bacterium
(2014 data from the Center for Disease Control and
Prevention).39 While clinical management of S. aureus infection
is often possible,40,41 the versatility of S. aureus to combine both
resistance and virulence mechanisms (and it must be noted, S.
aureus is by no means the only bacterium with this ability) may
foretell a future when multiagent chemotherapy will be required
for S. aureus and other bacterial pathogens.42 Multiagency could
correspond to the concurrent use of an adjuvant structure that
itself lacks antibacterial activity but has a mechanism that
enhances that of the antibiotic,43−48 or the combination of
antibiotics that have mechanistic synergy.49−52 For these
reasons, a major focus is the study of its active and “passive”
resistance mechanisms used by S. aureus. Three perspectives
guide this focus. The first perspective is the recent progress in
the understanding of the complex orchestration of the
biosynthetic pathways that create the Gram-positive cell
envelope.53,54 These pathways include (in addition to the
peptidoglycan as a component of the cell envelope) the
lipoteichoic acids, the wall teichoic acids, and the bacterial
membrane. The second perspective is the decision network that
has enabled S. aureus to survive over eons both as an innocuous
human and animal commensal and as an opportunistic
pathogen. S. aureus can respond to a less-than-lethal antibiotic
exposure by coalescence into a protective biofilm55,56 or by
transformation into the torpor states of tolerance or of
persistence.57−61 The third perspective is the longstanding
recognition that PBP inactivation by β-lactams is not the
ultimate but the initiating event of their bactericidal
mechanism.62−64

This review is in three parts. The first part is the anatomy of
the envelope of the S. aureus bacterium, with emphasis on its
peptidoglycan component as the structural target of the β-
lactams. The second part addresses the four PBPsthe
molecular target of the β-lactamsof the β-lactam-sensitive S.
aureus bacterium and then the two primary resistance
mechanisms used by S. aureus. As indicated above, the first of
these mechanisms is an enzyme that hydrolytically destroys the
β-lactam. The second mechanism is acquisition of a fifth PBP
that is intrinsically unreactive to inactivation by β-lactams and so
able to replace the loss of activity of PBPs susceptible to β-
lactams. Mutation of the PBPs to manifest resistance to β-
lactams, a resistance mechanism common in other bacteria, was
not recognized as an important resistance mechanism in S.
aureus until recently. In part due to the availability of whole-
genome sequencing, and in part due to the progressive
refinement of its resistance mechanisms, PBP mutation as a
contributory resistance mechanism is now encountered.
Although the β-lactams are the central class of antibiotics, the
critical importance of the integrity of its cell envelope to the
bacterium is also evidenced by other envelope-targeting
antibiotics also important to human and animal health.65

These antibiotics include the glycopeptides (vancomycin,

Figure 1. Top, the stereoview of S. aureus PBP3 acylated within the
active site by the cephalosporin cefotaxime (PDB 3VSL).34 Activation
of the active-site serine nucleophile (Ser392) is accomplished by a
lysine general base. The perspective shown in Chart 2 for the
cefotaxime-derived acyl-enzyme of PBP3 corresponds to this stereo-
view. The thiazolamine segment is in the foreground. The carbonyl of
the acyl-enzyme is in the background. The nucleophilic oxygen of the
serine is not visible (hidden behind the protein). Bottom, structure of
the PBP3 cefotaxime-derived acyl-enzyme represented as a solvent-
accessible surface with the bound antibiotic depicted space-filled and
color-coded by atom types (blue for nitrogen, red for oxygen, yellow for
sulfur, and gray for carbon). In this perspective the transpeptidase active
site (to the left), here occupied by this acyl-enzyme, projects into the
inner wall zone. Themembrane-binding segment of PBP3 is not shown.
Its location would be to the right of the protein.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3415

https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig1&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig1&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig1&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig1&ref=pdf
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


Scheme 2. Principle Structures of the S. aureus Cell Envelopea

aThe cell envelope surrounds the cytoplasm of the bacterium in the following order: membrane (adjacent to the cytoplasm: here showing only the
outer leaflet and with abbreviated acyl structures for the diacylglycerol); the inner-wall zone (contains many of the enzymes used in cell-envelope
creation, not shown here); a wall teichoic acid (WTA, top left) attached covalently to the polymeric peptidoglycan (top left, below the wall teichoic
acid). The wall teichoic acid−peptidoglycan is the surface structure of some pathogenic S. aureus strains. Many other S. aureus strains have
polysaccharides (not shown) attached to the peptidoglycan. The lipoteichoic acid (LTA, right structure) extends from the membrane through the
inner-wall zone and intercalates the peptidoglycan. LTAs are essential to the structural integrity of the envelope. Lipid II (bottom left) is assembled
in the cytoplasm and translocated from the inner leaflet of the membrane to the outer leaflet of the membrane, with its disaccharide glycopeptide
segment projecting into the inner-wall zone. Lipid II is the membrane-bound biosynthetic entity assembled into the peptidoglycan polymer. The
Lipid II structure is parsed into four segments: an undecaprenol diphosphate membrane lipid, the NAG-NAM disaccharide, a pentapeptide stem
whose last two amino acids are D-Ala-D-Ala, and a pentaglycine bridge attached to the ε-amine of the third amino acid (L-Lys) of the stem. Above
the pentaglycine bridge of Lipid II is a nascent peptidoglycan strand (shown as a tetrasaccharide, formed from a transglycosylation reaction using

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3416

https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=sch2&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=sch2&ref=pdf
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


oritavancin, dalbavancin), daptomycin, and fosfomycin as well
as a myriad of exploratory structures. The third part of this
review discusses how understanding the biochemistry and
microbiology of the S. aureus bacterium influences the practices
of its antibiotic chemotherapy and antibiotic discovery.
Although the biochemistry and microbiology of S. aureus is
that of a typical Gram-positive bacteriumwith the emphatic
exception of its resistance and virulence pathwaysclinical
efficacy against bacterial infection requires precision in the
selection of chemical structure and in optimization of its dosing.
As bacterial chemotherapy transitions from the use of a single
antibiotic structure to concurrent use of synergistic structures,
knowledge as to how the interplay among enzyme, pathway, and
structure will identify vulnerability is critical to preserving
efficacy.

2. GRAM-POSITIVE CELL ENVELOPE

Unicellular bacteria encompass extraordinary diversity of size
and shape.66−69 Pathogenic bacteria largely (but by no means
exclusively) have micrometer dimensions that divide among
four shapes: cocci (nearly spherical), ovococci (ellipsoidal), rods

(cylindrical), and spiral (helical). Each shape embodies the
simplest structural characterization of a bacterium, that of a
cytoplasm within a cell envelope. The envelope mediates
molecular communication with the environment and provides
to the bacterium structural stability and protection.70,71 As the
densely packed cytoplasm is not in osmotic equilibrium with the
external medium, the envelope contains a significant turgor
pressure.72,73 The cell envelope achieves this containment by
interlocking its substructure. Notwithstanding the great
diversity (even among species) with respect to the substructures
themselves and how they interlock, S. aureus is a typical Gram-
positive monoderm (single membrane) bacterium with a
spherical (coccus) shape of a diameter of approximately 0.6−
0.8 μm. The major substructures of its cell envelope are a lipid-
bilayer membrane overlaying and surrounding the cytoplasm,
that is itself overlaid by a peptidoglycan polymer that is
conjoined to the membrane by anionic glycopolymers. The
external surface of the Gram-positive bacterium is comprised of
these glycopolymers (the peptidoglycan, the “wall” teichoic
acids, and the surface polysaccharides). Bacteria with this
external surface are colored by certain dyes and consequently are

Scheme 2. continued

Lipid II as the glycosyl donor adding to the terminal GlcNAc saccharide of a nascent peptidoglycan strand) that has been cross-linked (bridge-
stem-bridge) to a second peptidoglycan strand. The dashed red oval to the left shows the functional group resulting from the cross-linking: and
amide formed from the terminal glycine of the bridge to the carbonyl of the fourth amino acid (the penultimate D-Ala) of the stem. The second
dashed red oval (top center) shows the reaction that forms this amide. The amine of the terminal glycine adds to the carbonyl of the (fourth amino
acid of the stem) D-Ala, displacing the terminal D-Ala as the leaving group. This reaction is catalyzed by the Penicillin Binding Protein (PBP)
enzymes, by a sequence of acyl-transfer to the active-site serine of the PBP, followed by acyl-transfer from this serine acyl-enzyme to the terminal
amine of the Gly5 bridge.

Figure 2. This figure serves as an organizational guide to the three key structural entities of the Gram-positive cell envelope and thus gives context to
many of the topics within this review. The horizontal center of the figure is the lipid bilayer of the single membrane of the Gram-positive bacterium.
Above this membrane is the inner wall zone, above which the peptidoglycan cell wall (peptidoglycan synthesis by Lipid II polymerization and WTA
glycopolymer attachment) is assembled. Within this membrane are (from left to right) the integral membrane transporters for the lipoteichoic acids
(LTAs), for Lipid II, and for the wall teichoic acids (WTAs). Within the inner leaflet of this membrane are the membrane enzymes of the final
biosynthetic steps of the lipid anchor of the lipoteichoic acids, of Lipid II, and of the wall teichoic acids. Lipid II and the WTAs share the common
membrane carrier, undecaprenyl phosphate (Und-P). After their translocation this carrier is released, as the diphosphate, in the outer leaflet of the
membrane. Efficient recycling of the Und-P carrier (not illustrated in this figure) is critical to balancing Lipid II and WTA availability.89−93 The
combination of the lipid segment of the LTAs within the outer leaflet of the membrane, and the interdigitation of the glycopolymer of the LTA into the
cell wall, conjoin the two and thus are essential to the structural integrity of the overall cell envelope. Covalent WTA attachment to the peptidoglycan
creates a formidable exterior polymeric barrier for controlling solute access to the bacterium.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3417

https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig2&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig2&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig2&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig2&ref=pdf
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


called Gram-positive, after the microbiologist (Gram) who first
observed this phenomenon.74,75 In this coloration, the dye
adsorbs to the peptidoglycan substructure.76 Further inter-
locking of the membrane and the peptidoglycan is achieved with
peptidoglycan-binding membrane proteins and by the second
type of glycopolymers (the “lipoteichoic acids”). Lipoteichoic
acids (LTA) are membrane-anchored and engage the
peptidoglycan noncovalently. Their structure is relatively
conserved among the Gram-positive bacteria. In contrast,
structural diversity is seen with respect to the wall teichoic
acids (WTA). TheWTAs attach covalently to the peptidoglycan
for the presumptive purpose of organizing and/or stabilizing the
peptidoglycan structure and also to contribute to defending the
bacterium against antibiotics and phages. Although the covalent
structures of both the LTAs and WTAs are known, the
molecular basis by which all threethe two glycopolymers and
the peptidoglycaninterlock is not known. Nonetheless, the
interlocking is important. Its disruption (as accomplished, for
example, by inhibitors of teichoic-acid biosynthesis) compro-
mises cell viability and increases susceptibility to antibiotics (as
further discussed below). Many Gram-positive bacteria
(including S. aureus strains) attach covalently proteins and
capsular polysaccharides to the exterior surface of their
peptidoglycan, in order to promote pathogenic adherence and
as a further defense against antibiotics and phages.54,77−79 As
with the wall teichoic acids, the capsular polysaccharides attach
covalently to the peptidoglycan.80 Capsular polysaccharides are
absent, however, from two of the most pathogenic MRSA S.
aureus strains (USA300, USA500).81,82 The purpose to their
absence is not known.

2.1. Cell Envelope of the Gram-Positive Bacterium

Themolecular structures of four of the entities that compose the
S. aureus cell envelopethe membrane, the peptidoglycan as a
multilayered surface, the lipoteichoic acids stretching from the
membrane to intercalate with the peptidoglycan, and the wall
teichoic acids attached to the peptidoglycanare shown in
Scheme 2. This scheme shows structures. It does not address
how these structures organize. Additional components, notably
the proteins and the capsular polysaccharides that also attached
to the peptidoglycan, are not shown. The structures of Scheme 2
are complemented by the pathway summaries within the
cartoon of Figure 2. The gap between the membrane and the
peptidoglycan is called the inner-wall zone (IWZ; the functional
equivalent of the periplasm in Gram-negative bacteria).Whereas
Gram-negative envelopes preserve a defined structural space
between their two membranes (their cell wall is within this
space),83−85 Gram-positive bacteria appear to maintain a less
well-defined space between their cell wall and their single
membrane only where active cell-wall synthesis occurs.86 Where
this zone is found, it is populated by the membrane proteins
(including the PBPs) and by the lipoproteins of cell-wall
biosynthesis. At every point in the cell cycle of S. aureus its cell
envelope structure is in dynamic flux. Its membrane surface
expands as it is populated with lipids and membrane proteins.
Proteins are secreted through the membrane to the inner-wall
zone,87 many for attachment to the peptidoglycan.88 Lip-
oteichoic acids are assembled in the inner-wall zone upon
translocation to the outer-membrane leaflet of a Glc2-
diacylglycerol lipid. The glycophosphate substructure of the
LTA is built upon this lipid in order to intercalate with the
peptidoglycan. The wall teichoic acids are assembled in the
cytoplasm and translocated across themembrane for attachment

to the peptidoglycan. The capsular saccharide is assembled both
in the cytoplasm and in the inner-wall zone also for attachment
to the peptidoglycan. Lastly, the monomer building unit for
peptidoglycan biosynthesisthe lipoglycopeptide Lipid IIis
assembled in the cytoplasm and translocated across the
membrane for PBP-dependent polymerization in the IWZ. All
of these events occur concurrently and in harmony. Even after its
initial assembly, active remodeling of the cell envelope occurs in
response to the cell cycle, to changes in the media (notably
nutrients, pH, and osmotic strength), and following encounter
with antibiotics. The dominant mass of the cell envelope is the
peptidoglycan polymer, with the mass of the teichoic acids only
somewhat less. This dominance is reflected by a frequently
encountered synonym for the peptidoglycan, the “cell wall”. S.
aureus has a three-dimensional peptidoglycan. Peptidoglycan is
synthesized using the repetitive polymerization of Lipid II. Lipid
II is biosynthesized in the cytoplasm, translocated across the
membrane, and assembled into a polymer by progressive
transglycosylation of its glycosyl segment to form glycan strands,
that are subsequently cross-linked by transpeptidation reactions
of its peptide segment. The enzyme catalysts of the polymer-
ization are membrane proteins, localized in the outer leaflet of
the bacterial membrane, and projecting their active sites facing
the membrane surface of the IWZ, or projecting into the IWZ.85

The relative thickness of the Gram-positive peptidoglycanfor
S. aureus, a thickness of approximately 25 nmimplicates a
layering mechanism for the peptidoglycan. Given the location of
the enzyme catalysts, this layering must occur by inside-to-
outside growth.94 Analysis of the overall peptidoglycan surface,
using the complementary methods of transmission and atomic
force microscopies, shows a highly porous ultrastructure.95,96

High-resolution atomic force microscopy of live S. aureus
bacteria divide the peptidoglycan layer into a less dense outer
layer having large pores (up to 60 nm) that taper in some cases
to the membrane surface and a denser inner layer of
peptidoglycan (pores of less than 7 nm diameter).97 This
distinctiona less cross-linked outer or mature peptidoglycan
and an inner layer largely retaining the greater cross-linking of
nascent peptidoglycanis consistent with the long-understood
necessity for a mechanism that would relax the outermost
peptidoglycan to accommodate the progressive increase in
surface area as peptidoglycan layers move outward. The
mechanism for this relaxation is the release of hydrolytic
enzymes to the exterior peptidoglycan layers for the discrete
cleavage of either the glycan strands or their peptide cross-
links.98 We return subsequently to the possible loss of
coordination among these biosynthetic processes as a key
concept to the understanding of antibiotic mechanisms.

2.1.1. Lipid II Monomer of Peptidoglycan Biosyn-
thesis. β-Lactams block the biosynthetic completion of the
peptidoglycan polymer. The structural touchstone for the
understanding of this mechanism is Lipid II.99−103 Lipid II is
assembled in the cytoplasm and then translocated across the
membrane to the outer leaflet of the membrane, and exposed to
the surfaceto the inner wall zoneof this leaflet. Its glycan,
stem peptide, and stem bridge substructures may be recognized
within its structure (the structure of Lipid II of S. aureus is shown
in the lower left corner of Scheme 2). The molecular center of
Lipid II is a β-(1 → 4)-linked disaccharide of two N-
acetylglucosamines, one of which is uniquely functionalized.
Its proximalN-acetylglucosamine is differentiated from its distal
N-acetylglucosamine (GlcNAc or NAG) in three key respects.
These respects are critical to understanding the pathway for the

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3418

pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


assembly of the cell wall, to β-lactam resistance, and to the
possible enhancement of β-lactam efficacy. The first respect is
functionalization of the C-3 alcohol of the proximal GlcNAc by
an ether-linked D-lactyl moiety. This distinctive substitution
suffices for this saccharide to be named not as GlcNAc but asN-
acetylmuramic acid (abbreviated as eitherMurNAc or as NAM).
To the carboxylate of the lactyl moiety of the MurNAc are
added, in amide linkages, a stem pentapeptide. The first amino
acid is L-alanine; the second is an iso-D-glutamine (the amide
bond with the L-alanine is to α-amine of the iso-D-glutamine);
the third is L-lysine (attached by its α-amine to the δ-carboxylate
of the iso-D-glutamine); and the fourth and fifth are D-alanines.
This peptide stem is appended to the MurNAc in the cytoplasm
by four ATP-dependent reactions corresponding to sequential
addition of L-alanine (catalyzed by the MurC enzyme), D-
glutamate (MurD), L-lysine (MurE), and D-alanines as the D-
Ala-D-Ala dipeptide (MurF).104−106 The amidation reaction that
transforms the iso-D-glutamate of the stem peptide to iso-D-
glutamine is catalyzed by the GatD/MurT protein com-
plex.107−111 As loss of GatD/MurT activity correlates directly
with decreased peptidoglycan cross-linking and greater β-lactam
susceptibility, this activity is a possible target of a β-lactam
adjuvant.111 The molecular basis for the increased susceptibility
is unknown.
The second modification of Lipid II in S. aureus is the

presence of a pentaglycine bridge peptide attached to the ε-
amine of the L-lysine of the stem peptide.112 Peptide bridge
extensions to the L-lysine of the stem are commonly
encountered in Gram-positive bacteria, with different bacteria
using different short oligopeptide sequences for their
bridge.113,114 Cytoplasmic modification of Lipid II to install
the Gly5 bridge is accomplished by the FemXAB enzyme family:
FemX adds the first glycine; FemA the second glycine; and
FemB the third, fourth, and fifth glycines.112,115 For all three
enzymes the glycyl donor is Gly-tRNAgly.116,117 The Fem
designation to these enzymes (and to their genes) has
significance: Factors enhancing methicillin (β-lactam) resist-
ance.118 FemX, the first enzyme in bridge peptide elongation, is
an essential enzyme.119 Deletion of the FemA and FemB
activities gives viable but severely growth-impaired S. aureus
strains,120 characterized by substantial reduction in the extent of
peptidoglycan cross-linking, altered metabolism, and hyper-
susceptibility to antibiotics (including the β-lactams).121,122 The
basis for the poor viability is structural. As we discuss shortly,
PBP catalysis of transpeptidation involves the transfer of the acyl
moiety of the penultimate D-Ala to the amine terminus of the
pentaglycine bridge (Scheme 2). The polymeric peptidoglycan
that is made in the absence of a complete pentaglycine bridge
gives an S. aureus bacterium that is osmotically fragile and unable
to constrain the turgor pressure of its cytoplasm.123 Although S.
aureus has the ability to substitute selectively serine for glycine as
a possible resistance mechanism against antimicrobial peptides,
this substitution is not yet seen as a resistance mechanism
against other antibiotics.124 The Fem enzymes also are targets
for inhibition in order to enhance the efficacy of the β-lactams
(and of other antibiotics).118,125−127

A third structural aspect of the Lipid II structure is its
diphosphate moiety. On one side is the NAM with an anomeric
α-glycosyl diphosphate moiety that is recognizedcorrectly
as poised for glycosyl transfer. On the other side of the
diphosphate is a lipophilic C55-polyprenol segment. The
historical name for its free alcohol (bactoprenol) is superseded
in the current literature by the more systematic name,

undecaprenol. Undecaprenol is the universal carrier of bacterial
saccharide-containing structurescapsular polysaccharides,78

wall teichoic acids, and Lipid IIof the Gram-positive cell
envelope.128−131 Each of these three structures translocates
across the membrane as conjugates of undecaprenol diphos-
phate. As the number of undecaprenol diphosphate molecules in
the bacterium is limited,90 constant and frenetic recycling of the
undecaprenol is required to support its multiple biosynthetic
roles.89,92,93,132 While key aspects of this recycling are known,
other key aspects are not. S. aureus is one of several bacteria used
for the study of undecaprenol diphosphate recycling. The
conclusion from collective experimental study is that the
efficient recycling of undecaprenol diphosphate to undecaprenol
phosphate and return translocation of undecaprenol phosphate
from the outer leaflet to the inner leaflet (by an unknown
mechanism) are critical to balanced cell-envelope biosyn-
thesis.93 One context supporting this conclusion is Lipid II
biosynthesis. Undecaprenyl diphosphate is biosynthesized in the
cytoplasm from farnesyl diphosphate and eight equivalents of
isopentyl diphosphate by a single synthase enzyme
(UppS).133,134 Following its insertion to the inner leaflet of
the S. aureus membrane, the diphosphate moiety is trimmed by
an intramembrane phosphatase (UppP) to give undecaprenol
phosphate.135 In Lipid II biosynthesis, this phosphate accepts a
MurNAc phosphate having an assembled peptide stem and
peptide bridge, catalyzed by the enzyme MraY.136 The product
of this reaction is the monosaccharide MurNAc-α-diphosphate-
undecaprenol (known as Lipid I).137 Transfer of a GlcNAc to
the C-4 of the MurNAc pyranose, catalyzed by the enzyme
MurG, completes Lipid II synthesis within the inner leaflet of the
membrane.138 Each of these four enzymesUppS,139−148

UppP,149−151 MraY,152−158 and MurG138,159−161have been
explored intensively with respect to inhibition by both synthetic
and natural product (antibiotic) molecules. The renewed
interest in structure−activity development of the nucleoside-
mimetic natural product inhibitors of MraY157,162−166 and the
recognition that numerous antibiotics interfere with peptido-
glycan biosynthesis by complexation with the undecaprenol
diphosphate (in both Gram-positive135,167−169 and Gram-
negative bacteria170,171) and/or Lipid II99,102,103,172−178) are
notable recent developments. Indeed, the recognition of the
fastidiousness of the intertwined biosynthetic cycles for Lipid II
synthesis,179,180 for Lipid II assembly into the peptidoglycan,
and for peptidoglycan recycling (with preeminent natural
product antibacterials targeting within each cycle)181−185 have
led to substantial effort toward answering whether concurrent
inhibition of two of these cycles (and their regulatory
systems)186 achieves meaningful antibiotic synergism.

2.1.2. From the Lipid II Monomer to the Peptidoglycan
Polymer. Peptidoglycan biosynthesis occurs by sequential
transglycosylations and transpeptidations of multiple Lipid II
molecules. An indisputable point for securing antibiotic activity
is the transpeptidation cross-linking reactions, as this reaction is
the target of the β-lactam antibiotics. In its simplest form,
peptidoglycan cross-linking is the (presumptively isoenergetic)
cleavage of an amide bond of the stem peptide, followed by
transfer of the acyl group to the amine of the bridge peptide of an
adjacent strand, to reform an amide bond as a cross-link. The
reality is more complex. The bacterial peptidoglycan is in a
constant state of depletion and excision, remodeling, and repair
and accretion by both forward and outward growth. These
events are precisely coordinated with a legion of concurrent
events defining the cell cycle (many, but not all, as noted

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3419

pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


previously) and across multiple locations within the cell.187

Bacteria have multiple degradative enzymes and multiple
assembling and modifying enzymes for the peptidoglycan.188

Accordingly, bacteria have multiple penicillin-binding proteins.
The key substrate substructure manipulated by the PBPs is the
D-Ala-D-Ala terminus (fourth and fifth amino acids of the stem
peptide). PBPs divide between two subclasses defined by their
molecular mass, either relatively low (LMM) or relatively high
(HMM). The HMM subclass further divides between PBPs that
are bifunctional and those that are monofunctional. Class A
PBPs (HMM aPBPs) are bifunctional with their two active sites
spatially separated from each other. One active site has
transglycosylase activity while the second active site has
transpeptidase activity. Class B PBPs (HMM bPBPs) have a
single transpeptidase active site. The low-molecular mass
(LMM, or Class C) PBPs usually have a carboxypeptidase
function that exerts a control over the extent of possible cross-
linking of the peptidoglycan. Leaving in place the terminal D-Ala
allows maximal cross-linking, while its removal (by a Class C
carboxypeptidase) lowers the possible extent of cross-linking. All
bacteria have at least one PBP from each of the three classes. S.
aureus is unusual in that it has only four PBPs in total: one Class
A (PBP2, an essential PBP), two Class B (PBP1, an essential
PBP; and PBP3, a nonessential PBP), and one Class C (PBP4, a
nonessential PBP, that functions primarily not as a carbox-
ypeptidase but as a transpeptidase). By comparison, the rod-
shaped Gram-positive bacterium Bacillus subtilis has more than
20 PBPs.189 The assignment here between essential and
nonessential PBPs for S. aureus is with respect to laboratory
viability. Pathogenic S. aureus requires all four of its genomic
PBPs, if not a fifth (as discussed below).

PBP enzyme nomenclature is historical (numbered from
highest to lowest molecular mass). All PBPs have a membrane-
binding domain and a transpeptidase/carboxypeptidase domain.
Their transpeptidase (or carboxypeptidase) domains project
above the inner wall zone. The transglycosylase domains of the
aPBPs are located near the membrane surface of the inner wall
zone. β-Lactams mimic the D-Ala-D-Ala stem terminus. The
latter substrates are competent for acyl-transfer, by initial
transfer of the penultimate D-Ala to an active-site serine to form
an acyl-enzyme, that is then transferred in the second half-
reaction to the fifth glycine (in S. aureus) to effect cross-linking.
In contrast, acylation of the serine nucleophile at the
transpeptidase/carboxypeptidase active sites of the PBPs by β-
lactam antibiotics is irreversible.190,191 Thus, upon exposure of
PBPs to high concentration of radioactive β-lactams (as the
relative affinity of a given β-lactam for a given PBP is variable), all
of the PBPs of a bacterium are inactivated by this
acylation.192,193 These radiochemically labeled PBPs are sorted
by molecular mass using electrophoresis. This analysis is done
today using labeling with fluorescent β-lactams.194−198 The
highest molecular mass PBP of the bacterium is designated as its
PBP1. Hence, the PBP number does not indicate function. A
fundamental barrier (even to this day) to the understanding of
the PBPs is the near-complete lack of understanding of their
mechanistic roles, including the higher-order basis for PBP
recognition of its substrate (beyond the -D-Ala-D-Ala terminus of
the stem peptide). Four reasons contribute to this persistent
ignorance. PBPs are never found in the bacterium as solitary
enzymes, but are either enzyme components of multiprotein and
multienzyme complexes with extensive protein−protein contact
and regulation (Class A and Class B), or function separately also

Figure 3. Cartoon schematic of the dividing S. aureus coccus. The gray spherical shell is the bacterial membrane. The turquoise spherical shell is the
peptidoglycan. (A) The near-spherical coccus. (B)Midcell formation of a Z-ring (dashed-yellow circle) by inter aliaGTP-dependent polymerization of
the FtsZ protein. (C) Synthesis of new peptidoglycan (red) where the Z-ring is in contact with the old peptidoglycan, as a prelude for the invagination
process of the cell envelope to enable cell division. The red peptidoglycan appears ultimately on the surface of the daughter cells as surface ribs (bottom
left panel). These ribs (from previous cell division) are present in the bacterium of panels (A) and (B) but are not shown. (D) Progressive Z-ring
constriction guides the synthesis of the septal peptidoglycan (dark-blue) built upon the red “rib” peptidoglycan. The blue peptidoglycan grows inward
in a concentric motion of a leading edge, behind which the leading-edge peptidoglycan is progressively “thickened”. The different red-blue
peptidoglycan coloration reflects both that different PBPs are used for the synthesis of two and the likely possibility that the polymeric structure of the
two peptidoglycans is different. The white line centered in the blue peptidoglycan indicates a structural gap (of unknown structure or separation
nature) created in the inward-growing peptidoglycan. (E) Septum formation is completed as an annulus fusion followed by (F) completion of the
septal peptidoglycan. (G) Controlled degradation of the peptidoglycan external to red rib, and within the gap of the septum, prepares the cells for their
final separation. This separation is driven by the internal osmotic pressure of the cells. The “popping” transition to give initially two hemispherically
shaped daughter bacteria occurs on a millisecond time scale. Structural reshaping of the hemispherical bacteria to the near-spherical bacteria of the
panel is likewise fast. Following division, the blue peptidoglycan is remodeled to give the uniformity of polymeric structure as indicated by the turquoise
coloration of panel (A).

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3420

https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig3&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig3&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig3&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig3&ref=pdf
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


with extensive protein−protein contact and regulation (Class
C). The two primary complexes for the Class A and Class B
PBPs in most bacteria are the elongasome (primarily tasked to
sidewall peptidoglycan synthesis and remodeling) and the
divisome (primarily tasked to septal peptidoglycan synthesis and
remodeling).199−201 S. aureus as a coccus bacterium is different
in that it uses only a divisome complex (and not an elongasome
complex). For these reasons catalytic assay of PBPs is
challenging experimentally.202,203 No three-dimensional struc-
tures of the peptidoglycan polymer (of the sidewall; of the
septum; of the sidewall to septum transition; of the newly
synthesized versus mature peptidoglycan; of the spore; as
correlated with shape; as correlated with resistance; and so
forth) are known.204 Lastly, extensive manipulation of the PBP
genes of all bacteria shows extensive functional redundancy and
cooperativity within their PBP family. Redundancy and
cooperativity characterize all four of the PBPs of S. aureus.205,206

Peptidoglycan polymerization is described concisely. The first
step of peptidoglycan biosynthesis is glycan strand elongation,
accomplished by repetitive transglycosylations of Lipid II
molecules. The PBPs catalyze the second event of peptidoglycan
biosynthesis from Lipid II, that of the cross-linking of the
peptide stem of one strand to the peptide bridge of another
stem.129,191,203 Peptidoglycan biosynthesis is not, however, a
simple combination of these two reactions. Rather, bacteria have
several different PBP-dependent processes for peptidoglycan
synthesis. In all cases Lipid II, originating from the biosynthetic
pathway that culminates at the inner leaflet of the membrane by
the completion of its synthesis (as catalyzed by MurG and
MraY), is supplied as the substrate. The transmembrane MurJ
protein translocates Lipid II from the cytoplasm to the inner wall
zone in a proton-motive-force-dependent event.207−210 In rod-
shaped bacteria (such as the Gram-negative Escherichia coli and
the Gram-positive Bacillus subtilis) a multiprotein, multienzyme
complex called the elongasome lengthens the bacterium by
sidewall peptidoglycan growth. The elongasome assembly is
organized upon dynamic strand repeats of a cytoskeletal protein,
MreB, which localizes at the interface of the cytoplasm and the
inner membrane. At the elongasome, Lipid II synthesizes glycan
strands using the transglycosylase enzyme of the elongasome,
RodA. RodA partners with a Class B PBP (that is, a PBP having
only transpeptidase activity) enzyme to effect initial cross-
linking of the stem peptides.211 Complete polymerization is the
result of an intimate coupling of the Class B PBP with a Class A
PBP. Prior to cell division a peptidoglycan septum is created.
Many bacteria (including E. coli, B. subtilis, and S. aureus) divide
at midcell subsequent to septal synthesis. The divisome is the
multiprotein, multienzyme complex used for septal peptidogly-
can synthesis. This complex is organized upon dynamic strands
of repeats of the tubulin-like cytoskeletal protein FtsZ, wherein
the essential protein FtsZ organizes into a ring (the Z-ring) in a
GTP-dependent process.212 Divisome complexes intersperse on
the dynamic Z-ring filaments at midcell, against the interface
between the inner membrane and the cytoplasm (Figure 3).
Proteins are recruited to the divisome sequentially: first FtsZ;
then additional cytoskeletal proteins; then the MurJ flippase for
Lipid II translocation; and then the remaining proteins of the
divisome. Among these latter proteins is the notable pairing of
the FtsW enzyme with a bPBP.When this pairing happens, FtsW
initiates sequential transglycosylation of Lipid II molecules to
begin peptidoglycan biosynthesis. The glycan strands that
emerge from FtsW catalysis are cross-linked by the bPBP.85

2.1.3. Peptidoglycan Biosynthesis and the S. aureus
Cell Cycle. The particulars of peptidoglycan biosynthesis in S.
aureus are summarized concisely. S. aureus has four PBPs. Three
are biosynthetic PBPs: PBP2 is an aPBP (bifunctional
transglycosylase and transpeptidase), and PBP1 and PBP3 are
bPBPs (monofunctional transglycosylases). PBP4 is a cPBPwith
a monofunctional transpeptidase active site. PBP4 acts to
remodel biosynthetic peptidoglycan. Although (as noted
previously) only two of these four PBPs (PBP1 and PBP2) are
essential, pathogenic S. aureus uses all four PBPs to advantage.
Accordingly, this review does not distinguish among the PBPs as
essential or nonessential.205 The function of the four PBPs of S.
aureus is presented first in the form of a cartoon schematic for the
cell cycle of this bacterium (Figure 3).213,214 In the first panel the
bacterium is represented schematically as a cytoplasm
surrounded by a membrane (gray), itself surrounded by the
peptidoglycan (turquoise). The cell cycle divides in three phases
across a timeline of approximately 66 min for the strain that was
studied.214,215 The first phase (in terms of time, the longest of
the three, is approximately half of the cell cycle) is dominated by
chromosome replication. As replication proceeds to its
conclusion, GTP-dependent FtsZ filament formation (the Z-
ring, in dashed orange in Panel B) occurs at the midcell
circumference against the surface of the inner membrane
leaflet.216,217 Disruption of Z-ring formation using FtsZ as target
is an area of extensive ongoing research218−222 and synergy of
exploratory FtsZ inhibitors with the β-lactams is seen.223−227 A
detailed analysis of the coordination of repetitive S. aureus cell
cycles with respect to chromosome separation and cell-envelope
completion is found elsewhere.228 For simplicity the following
discussion addresses a single cell cycle.
The first event in septal peptidoglycan synthesis is recruitment

by the Z-ring of a PBP to initiate the spatially orthogonal (with
respect to the existing peptidoglycan) inward growth of septal
peptidoglycan. This initial thickened belt of peptidoglycan is
termed the “piecrust” (red of Panel C). It is identifiable on the
surface of the bacteria following division (red “ribs” of the lower
left panel).229−231 Divisome recruitment to the Z-ring, at the
piecrust, initiates the second phase. Septal peptidoglycan
synthesis completes by the progressive circumferential motion
of divisome assemblies, guided initially by the constricting Z-
ring (Panel C).232 This peptidoglycan growth occurs at a leading
edge, behind which a thickened and structurally more robust
peptidoglycan is made. A concentric (and presumably inward
spiraling) pattern of the septal peptidoglycan that is created by
the leading-edge PBP is evident from atomic-force microscopy
imaging.95,229−231,233 The thickened peptidoglycan that is
synthesized upon the leading-edge peptidoglycan (dark blue of
Panel D) has a different texture (that of randomly oriented
strands with a 6 nm spacing).97 Dual layering of the septal
peptidoglycana heavier layer upon a leading layer that shows
concentric ring growthis supported by microscopy studies on
Staphylocccus warneri.234 A critical structural feature within this
nascent septal peptidoglycan, with respect to ultimate cell
division and separation, is the creation of midzone area (white
line within the dark blue of Panel D) of less dense
peptidoglycan.235 This midzone demarcates paired septal plates
that are joined at the piecrust. Leading-edge peptidoglycan
synthesis converges at the center of the sphere (annulus fusion
of Panel E) to complete the second phase. Maturation of the
septal peptidoglycan leads to a uniform thickness (Panel F). The
piecrust is then progressively weakened by the controlled
formation of perforations across the entire ring of the piecrust.95

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3421

pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


At a critical point of this weakening of the piecrust it fractures
termed “popping apart” as it occurs on a millisecond time
frameto separate the daughter cells, as the final event of the
cell cycle (Panel H).214,232 The hemisphere-like shape of the
daughter cells relaxes rapidly to the spherical shape of the
coccus.215 The same turgor pressure that effects cell separation
enforces transformation to spherical cells. Following septation,
the piecrust peptidoglycan appears as an annular exterior
rib.229,231,232,236,237

2.1.4. PBP Catalysis of Transpeptidation and Inactiva-
tion by β-Lactams. The entire basis for the antibiotic efficacy
of the β-lactams is the inhibition of the PBP-catalyzed
transpeptidation that cross-links the peptidoglycan. The
presence of D-amino acids in the peptide stem (the δ-linked D-
isoGln that is adjacent to the two L-amino acids and the D-
alanine pair) is widely understood to prevent hydrolytic cleavage
of the stem peptide by digestive peptidases (with their
requirement of L-amino acids for substrate recognition). PBP
transpeptidation occurs as a result of transfer of the acyl moiety
of the penultimate D-alanine to the active-site serine nucleophile
of the PBP, using lysine as the general-base catalyst for acyl
transfer. The ultimate D-alanine departs as the leaving group in
the formation of this serine acyl-enzyme. Transpeptidation is
completed by the engagement of the primary amine terminus of
the bridge peptide (in S. aureus, that of the fifth glycine) of an
adjacent glycan strand, reforming an amide bond to cross-link
the strands. In this two-step reaction of acyl-enzyme formation
and acyl-enzyme transfer, the β-lactam ring is a superlative
mimic with respect to both structure and reactivity of the stem D-
Ala-D-Ala substructure in the acylation step.25,28,238−240 As the
β-lactam presents a ring structure in its acylation half-reaction,
its amine leaving group is not released but is retained at the PBP
active site. The steric congestion of the resulting acyl-enzyme
prevents the approach of the nucleophilic amine (for PBP
catalysis of transpeptidation reactions) or water (for PBP
catalysis of carboxypeptidase reactions).28,30,239,241,242 The PBP
is trapped as the acyl-enzyme and is inactivated. The abundance
of bacterial pathogens for which β-lactams are preeminent
chemotherapy and the diversity of β-lactam structures indicate
that this brief mechanistic summary is simplification. As is
evident from the preceding discussion, some PBPs (those that
are essential) are better targets than other PBPs (those that are
nonessential). As each PBP has nuance to its active site, effective
chemotherapy of a pathogenic bacterium requires a β-lactam
structure that in its totality matches to the active site of an
essential PBP. For some time, however, this minimum is not
enough: the β-lactam also must evade the resistance
mechanism(s) of the bacterium.
2.1.5. PBP Roles in S. aureus Peptidoglycan Biosyn-

thesis. The S. aureus cell cycle incorporates precise orchestra-
tion of peptidoglycan synthesis that is continuous throughout
the cell cycle and peptidoglycan degradation at the end of the
cell cycle. PBPs provide the former activity. In the first phase,
PBP catalysis of sidewall peptidoglycan growth expands the cell
volume, and in themiddle phase PBP catalysis as a component of
the divisome effects septal peptidoglycan growth. Observations
with respect to these peptidoglycan biosyntheses suggest four
types of peptidoglycan (notwithstanding that each is made from
the same starting material, Lipid II): those of the mature
sidewall; the piecrust; the septal leading edge; and the matured
septum wherein peptidoglycan is synthesized over the leading-
edge peptidoglycan. Moreover, a mechanism must be surmised
for the remodeling of septal peptidoglycan into mature

peptidoglycan. No experimental data address the differences at
the molecular level among these peptidoglycans. Exceedingly
few experimental data address the mechanistic character of the
four PBPs of S. aureus. Nonetheless, exquisite studies over the
past years have suggested the localization of these four PBPs that
in turn is suggestive with respect to their function.213,243

2.1.5.1. PBP3. PBP3 (pbp3) is a nonessential bPBP and is of
known structure (as the soluble protein, without its membrane-
binding domain).34 Its absence has minimal effect on cell
growth, has undetectable change in the distribution of
peptidoglycan fragments generated by lysozyme degradation
(muropeptide profiling), and results in a more spherically
shaped cell. In the presence of a sub-MIC concentration of a β-
lactam, a Δpbp3 S. aureus strain showed significantly impaired
growth coinciding with disoriented septa within abnormally
sized and shaped cells.244 The basis for spherical shaping of the
cell followed recognition that the transpeptidase activity of
PBP3 is paired with the transglycosylase activity of the RodA
enzyme.245 PBP3 is believed to be one of the first enzymes
recruited (and is followed by RodA) to midcell following the
initial formation of FtsZ filaments. Its location is identified in the
cartoon of Figure 4. The structure of a RodA·PBP complex from
Thermus thermophilus was reported recently.211,246 RodA·PBP3
recruitment is followed (as assessed by the incorporation of
fluorescent D-amino acids into Lipid II and then into the
peptidoglycan) by sidewall elongation of the peptidoglycan.245

This elongation accounts for the coccus-shape of the S. aureus
bacterium and the near-spherical shape of the Δpbp3 S. aureus

Figure 4. Peptidoglycan biosynthesis in the methicillin-susceptible S.
aureus is accomplished by four PBP enzymes (PBPs 1−4). Although
there is functional redundancy within the four and only PBP1 and PBP2
are essential, the pathogenic S. aureus bacterium requires all four PBP
activities. Current mechanistic understanding suggests that synthesis of
the red “rib” peptidoglycan (see Figure 3) is a primary task of PBP3;
synthesis of the leading-edge septal peptidoglycan by the progressive
concentric motion of the divisome is the primary task of PBP1 within
the divisome complex; and the task of thickening the peptidoglycan
toward structural strength, upon the leading-edge peptidoglycan, is the
task of PBP2. PBP4 engages in the remodeling of the septal
peptidoglycan and the wall peptidoglycan. In methicillin-resistant S.
aureus, the essential transpeptidase-catalyzed cross-linking function of
PBP2 is compromised by inactivation by the clinically achieved
concentrations of the β-lactam antibiotics. Acquisition by these bacteria
of the mec gene enables expression of a fifth PBP, that of PBP2a, that
functions in complex with PBP2 to complete septal peptidoglycan
synthesis. The transglycosylase activity of PBP2 coordinates with the
transpeptidase activity of PBP2a for this completion. As inactivation of
PBP2a requires higher β-lactam concentrations than can be achieved
with almost all β-lactams, the PBP2·PBP2a pair continues to function,
and the MRSA bacterium shows β-lactam resistance.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3422

https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig4&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig4&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig4&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig4&ref=pdf
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


bacterium. The function of the peptidoglycan synthesized by
RodA·PBP3 might be preparation of the sidewall peptidoglycan
to enable the spatially orthogonal growth of septal peptidogly-
can. Regardless of possible function, the ability of Δpbp3 S.
aureus to sustain near normal growth in the absence of β-lactam
antibiotics indicates that another PBP can assume this function.
The dramatic impairment of Δpbp3 S. aureus in the presence of
β-lactam antibiotics identifies the inclusion of PBP3 within the
inhibition profile of a β-lactam having optimal S. aureus activity.
PBP3 is a co-PBP target of the clinically approved MRSA
cephalosporin ceftobiprole.247,248 Resistance mutations of PBP3
are described.249,250

2.1.5.2. PBP1. PBP1 (pbpA) is an essential bPBP of as-yet-
unknown structure. It is a PBP of septal peptidoglycan
biosynthesis. The experimental studies that established its
essentiality identified structural and catalytic roles for
PBP1.251,252 As a bPBP, PBP1 catalyzes the transpeptidation
step of peptidoglycan biosynthesis in partnership with and
following glycosyltransferase catalysis by FtsW, itself also an
essential protein.253 At a fundamental mechanistic level the
operation of the FtsW·PBP1 complex with respect to
peptidoglycan polymer synthesis is thought identical to the
operation of the RodA·PBP3 pair.254 The temporal sequence of
protein recruitment at midcell, following sidewall peptidoglycan
elongation by RodA·PBP3, is PBP1, then FtsW, and then MurJ
(the Lipid II flippase) to initiate septal peptidoglycan biosyn-
thesis.208 In the absence of complex formation with PBP1, FtsW
lacks catalytic activity.254 In the absence of the FtsW·PBP1
complex, the divisome protein assemblies delocalize away from
midcell. This delocalization is seen also with a catalytically
impaired PBP1 protein, suggesting the FtsW·PBP1 complex as a
structural edifice for the organization of the many additional
proteins and enzymes of the divisome.85 The further observation
that FtsW·PBP1 catalysis does not contribute significantly either
to the total mass or character of the bacterial peptidoglycan252 is
suggestive of an assignment to the FtsW·PBP1 pair as the
catalyst that templates formation of the septal peptidoglycan. A
possible function is synthesis of the leading-edge peptidoglycan
(Figure 4). Initial septal peptidoglycan biosynthesis is depend-
ent on Z-ring contraction, but final septal peptidoglycan closure
is Z-ring independent.245 A functional PBP1 is also critical for
septation, possibly as a result of dysregulation of the autolysis
enzymes required for the orderly perforation of the piecrust
peptidoglycan.245,252

2.1.5.3. PBP2. PBP2 (pbp2) is the essential aPBP of S. aureus
and is of known structure (as the soluble protein, without its
membrane-binding domain).255 All data are consistent with
PBP2 as the workhorse PBP for the synthesis of the septal
peptidoglycan.256 The pairing of a bPBP as an initiator of
peptidoglycan biosynthesis followed by an aPBP to complete, or
to repair and/or remodel, peptidoglycan biosynthesis has
broader implication.85,201 An aspect with respect to remodeling
is the structural integration of other key envelope substructure
(notably the teichoic acids) to create the total cell envelope. In S.
aureus PBP2-catalyzed formation of the structurally robust
septal peptidoglycan would follow (and build upon) the leading-
edge peptidoglycan created by FtsW·PBP1 catalysis (Figure 4).
A key uncertainty is whether the aPBP is an enzyme of the
divisome, or is autonomous. In the first phase of the S. aureus cell
cycle, PBP2 distributes across the entirety of the bacterial
membrane. Following MurJ recruitment to the divisome for
Lipid II translocation, PBP2 localizes to the nascent septum
through Lipid II substrate-dependent recruitment.216,257 As

discussed below, PBP2 is an intrinsically β-lactam-sensitive PBP
and its loss-of-function by clinical levels of β-lactam antibiotics
renders S. aureus β-lactam-susceptible. Its mechanistic com-
plementation by catalytic coordination with a dedicated
transpeptidase, PBP2a (formerly PBP2′) that is intrinsically β-
lactam-nonsusceptible, is the key resistance mechanism of
MRSA, the β-lactam-resistant S. aureus.

2.1.5.4. PBP4. PBP4 (pbp4 or pbpD) is the nonessential cPBP
of S. aureus and is of known structure (as the soluble protein,
without a membrane-binding domain).258,259 Notwithstanding
its nonessentiality, PBP4 is an important component to
antibiotic resistance by S. aureus. In most bacteria cPBPs act
as carboxypeptidases toward the D-Ala-D-Ala stem terminus of
nascent peptidoglycan as substrate. Removal of the terminal D-
Ala from the stem precludes (and thus controls the extent of)
overall peptidoglycan cross-linking. S. aureus is distinctive as a
bacterium, however, in the exceptionally high cross-linking
(90%) of its peptidoglycan.260 This value relegates a smaller
mechanistic role for the D-Ala-D-Ala carboxypeptidase activity.
Indeed, PBP4 acts preferentially as a transpeptidase and
contributes prominently to the high cross-linking value.261,262

A direct correlation between its contribution to high cross-
linking of the peptidoglycan, resulting in a stiff peptidoglycan,
was seen.263 Highly cross-linked peptidoglycan has value with
respect to antibiotic resistance. For example, the glycopeptide
antibiotic vancomycin is still used for the treatment of β-lactam-
resistant (MRSA) infection.264 Vancomycin disrupts peptido-
glycan biosynthesis by formation of a stable complex with the D-
Ala-D-Ala segment of the stem terminus of Lipid II and of
nascent peptidoglycan.265,266 A mechanism used by S. aureus to
attain vancomycin resistance is to simultaneously thicken its
peptidoglycan cell wall and to reduce PBP4 expression. This
pairing achieves a surface abundance of D-Ala-D-Ala-containing
stems that trap vancomycin at the cell surface in order to limit
access of vancomycin to the inner-wall zone location, where the
same complexation would inhibit peptidoglycan synthe-
sis.267−269 Conversely, mutation of the pbp4 promoter to effect
high level PBP4 expression preserves high-level cross-linking
and imparts (PBP2a-independent) high-level β-lactam-resist-
ance.259,270−273 An additional contributing factor to this PBP4
effect is an ability (albeit limited) to effect the hydrolytic
destruction of β-lactams (that is, a β-lactamase activity, similar to
what is seen for selected cPBPs of Escherichia coli and
Pseudomonas aeruginosa).258 PBP4 also augments β-lactam
resistance, particularly in community-acquired S. aureus
infection,274 of PBP2a-possessing S. aureus (MRSA).250,275,276

A resistance role for PBP4 by MRSA bacteria is consistent fully
with the observation that PBP4 is unreactive to inactivation by
the newest generation cephalosporin β-lactams that are
optimized structurally for the concurrent inactivation of PBP2
and PBP2a.250,270,271,277 PBP4 may, however, be susceptible to
inactivation by the emerging 7-oxo-1,6-diazabicyclo[3.2.1]-
octane-2-carboxamide (DBO) class of β-lactamase inhibitors.278

An explanation for these observations is PBP4 acting as a
“perfecting” transpeptidase in septal peptidoglycan biosynthesis,
whose activity trails catalysis by PBP2. Substantial data support
this explanation.206,262,279 For example, the USA300 MRSA
strain is fully resistant to the β-lactam oxacillin (MIC 256 mg
L−1). Addition of a membrane-disrupting small molecule
collapses the proton-motive force (PMF) with concurrent
delocalization of PBP2 and PBP4 from the septum, with a 256-
fold reduction in the MIC of oxacillin.225 The delocalization of
PBP2 under this circumstance can be understood in terms of

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3423

pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


disrupted Lipid II availability (as MurJ function is PMF-
dependent). PBP4, however, is not easily understood as an
enzyme responsive to Lipid II availability. The concurrence of
PBP2 and PBP4 delocalization is more easily interpreted as
suggesting an association mechanism (direct or indirect within
the divisome) between the two PBPs. Moreover, the possibility
that the structural character of the cross-links formed by PBP4
may be distinctly different from the structural character of the
cross-links formed by PBP2 is suggested by the unusual cyclic
peptidoglycans formed in vitro by PBP4 catalysis.262,280 A
mechanistically compelling observation is the loss of PBP4
localization at the septum upon small-molecule disruption of
WTA biosynthesis.281,282 This loss of PBP4 localization is also
seen upon exposure of S. aureus to cationic polymers that
interfere with cell-envelope formation by complexation to the
WTA.283−285 As was the case with PMF disruption, disruption of
WTA biosynthesis results in a significant lowering of β-lactam
MIC values for the MRSA strains.282,286

The entire sense of the preceding discussion coincides with a
septal location for PBP4. The ability of some PBPs to recognize
and incorporate fluorophore-functionalized D-amino acids in
place of D-Ala of the stem of the peptidoglycan has emerged as a
powerful method for probing peptidoglycan synthesis.287−292 As
the only PBP of S. aureuswith this ability is PBP4, this method of
fluorescent imaging revealed its location.293−295 Gratifyingly,
this imaging confirmed a substantial septal location for PBP4 but
additionally showed a diffuse, but equally substantial, presence
of PBP4 across the entirety of the S. aureus lateral wall (Figure
4). As seen also from the previous studies, concurrent WTA
synthesis was required to preserve localization of PBP4 to the
septum.295

2.1.5.5. PBP2a. All bacteria have multiple PBPs, and the
different β-lactam structures (whether penicillin, cephalosporin,
carbapenem, or monobactam) have different affinities for these
PBPs. A given β-lactam structure may inhibit only a nonessential
PBP and thus lack clinical utility. A different β-lactam structure
may inhibit modestly an essential PBP. It, too, will lack clinical
utility. Given the complementary value brought to S. aureus by
each of its four PBPs, one might conjecture that the most
efficacious β-lactam for MRSA chemotherapy is the β-lactam
structure that inhibits potently all four simultaneously. If it were
possible to translate conjecture into chemical structure, one
would have this result. Such translation is not, however, possible.
Nor is a pan-PBP inactivator necessarily desirable. Cell-envelope
creation is subjected to exquisite control and monitoring, and all
bacteria respond to antibiotic interference by activation of stress
and resistance networks.296 The design of β-lactams that are
selective for PBP inactivation is both desirable and structurally
attainable. Thus, notwithstanding the fundamental evolutionary
identity among all PBPs, the sequence variations presented by
each enable selectivity for a given β-lactam structure for
inactivation of one (or for a limited copy number of PBPs) to
the exclusion of the other PBPs of the bacterium. By empirical
manipulation of structure, β-lactams progress to the clinic as a
result of (among many other criteria) an optimized pairing
between PBP essentiality and PBP vulnerability. The PBP with
this pairing for S. aureus is PBP2. As noted above, the most
recent and the most effective β-lactams for MRSA chemo-
therapy are cephalosporins with high efficacy for PBP2
inactivation but lack efficacy for PBP4 inactivation. Given the
above discussion of the PBPs of S. aureus, the loss of function
effected by such a cephalosporin to PBP2 (as an aPBP) will be
loss of its transpeptidase activity but not loss of its trans-

glycosylase activity (as this active site is separate from that of its
transpeptidase and this active site is not inhibited by β-lactams).
One consequence of this loss of transpeptidase catalysis will be a
failure to synthesize a structurally robust septum.
Evolution selects answers governed neither by simplicity nor

by logic but selects answers that work. The answer selected by
MRSA is remarkable: the acquisition, from another Staph-
ylococcus species, a gene for a bPBP (having only a trans-
peptidase active site) that is intrinsically less reactive to β-lactam
inactivation and that spatially accommodates with PBP2 as well
as the other proteins and enzymes required for peptidoglycan
creation.275,297−300 Circumstantial evidence implicates forma-
tion of a PBP2·PBP2a complex,257,301 wherein the septal
peptidoglycan synthesis is completed by cooperative trans-
glycosylase catalysis (provided by PBP2) and transpeptidase
catalysis (provided by PBP2a). The number of copies of PBP1−
PBP4 per bacterium is not significantly different comparing
susceptible (MSSA) and resistant (MRSA): approximately 175
copies of PBP1; 450 copies of PBP2; 175 copies of PBP3; and
290 copies of PBP4. Themajor PBP ofMRSA is PBP2a with 825
copies.192 Moreover, there is implicit cost to the presence of
PBP2a. Possession of the gene alone for this enzyme is
insufficient for the MRSA phenotype. The gene is governed by
an elaborate regulatory mechanism that ensures its expression
only when β-lactams are present. The complexity of this
regulatory mechanism, the structure of the PBP2a enzyme, and
the allosteric regulation of its enzymatic activity are comple-
mentary phenomena. This complementation is discussed below.

2.2. S. aureus Cell Envelope beyond the Peptidoglycan

The seamless integration of peptidoglycan biosynthesis with
creation of the three other entities of the cell envelopethe wall
teichoic acids, the lipoteichoic acids, and the membraneis not
merely important but is critical to the viability of the S. aureus
bacterium. Failure of any one entity can be lethal (such as β-
lactam inactivation of the PBPs). Disabling (as distinct from
causing failure) the proper interlocking of these four can
increase the sensitivity of the bacterium to an antibiotic, to
which the bacterium would otherwise be resistant. Over the past
decade a deluge of studies has addressed essential interconnec-
tions among each structure of the cell envelope: the LTAs, the
WTAs, the peptidoglycan, and themembrane. In this section, we
outline the present status of the complex relationship among the
WTA, LTA, the peptidoglycan, and the β-lactam antibiotics.

2.2.1. Wall Teichoic Acids. The “acid” component of LTA
and WTA nomenclature reflects their chemical identity as
polymeric phosphodiesters, with the phosphodiester having an
acidic proton and thus at neutral pH for both (if not further
modified structurally) highly anionic character. The structures
of the S. aureusWTA and LTA are shown in Scheme 2. Whereas
LTA structure is relatively conserved among Gram-positive
bacteria, WTA structure is not. Variations among the teichoic
acid structures are reviewed.302 Given the emergence of the
teichoic acids as essential to an understanding of antibiotic
resistance, their role (no longer “secondary”)303 as polymers of
the cell wall has been reviewed from different van-
tages.53,54,78,131,304−309 These reviews show a transition in the
understanding of the teichoic acids from incidental structural
entities of the cell envelope, to recognition that each (the WTA
and the LTA) confers critical and essential character. The LTAs
of the cell envelope are long recognized as structurally essential
under almost all circumstances,310 whereas the WTAs are
not.311 Nonetheless, WTAs are essential with respect to

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3424

pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


virulence and antibiotic resistance.312 Accordingly, the identi-
fication of vulnerable enzymes within the teichoic acid
biosynthetic pathways using potent small-molecule inhibitors
has confirmed the potential of these inhibitors to subvert
antibiotic resistance.42,44,286,313−315 We address this theme in
terms of WTA structure, biosynthesis, and character.
The presumption that WTA biosynthesis is tightly integrated

with peptidoglycan biosynthesis is proven.187,316,317 A schematic
summary of the enzymes found at the cell membrane involved in
WTA biosynthesis (and also peptidoglycan and lipoteichoic acid
biosynthesis) is given in Figure 5. Foundational parallels

between peptidoglycan and WTA biosynthesis include the use
of undecaprenol as the lipid carrier with biosynthetic assembly in
the cytoplasm, translocation across the membrane of penulti-
mate intermediates, and further structural maturation as the
WTA is incorporated covalently into the peptidoglycan.77,318 S.
aureus WTA biosynthesis is divided between cytoplasmic and
inner-wall zone events. The first step of TarO-catalyzed
synthesis of Lipid III (undecaprenyl-pyrophosphoryl-GlcNAc,
sometimes referred to as Lipid α) is followed by TarA-catalyzed
synthesis of Lipid IV (undecaprenyl-pyrophosphoryl-GlcNAc-
ManNAc, sometimes referred to as Lipid β); TarB-catalyzed
addition of a short repeat of the glycerol phosphate (GroP)
linker; TarF-catalyzed priming addition of a ribitol phosphate

repeats followed by TarL-catalyzed poly ribitol elongation;
TarM or TarS addition of flanking GlcNAc saccharides to the
ribitol phosphate segments; and ATP-dependent translocation
across themembrane by the TarGH transporter to the inner wall
zone.307,319−323 Two events occur in the inner-wall zone. The
WTA is further decorated by D-Ala esterification of the ribitol
phosphate (as shown in the structure in Scheme 2). Transfer of
the entire glycosyl assembly to the C-6 alcohol of theMurNAc of
the peptidoglycan is catalyzed by the so-called LCP enzymes.324

The LCP abbreviation derives from three proteins (LytR, CpsA,
Psr noted originally in B. subtilis as encoded within a family of
genes) involved in WTA transfer to the peptidoglycan.325,326 S.
aureus has three LCP enzymes, LcpA−LcpC. Although each is
capable of WTA transfer to the peptidoglycan,327 there is a
hierarchy. The primary LCP catalyst for WTA transfer is
LcpA.327−329 LcpC is the primary catalyst for the transfer of
capsular polysaccharides to the same MurNAc alcohol
locus.80,330 The function of LcpB is uncertain but may
correspond to recognition of particular structural modifications
made to the WTA (or to the peptidoglycan) for WTA addition
to the peptidoglycan.331 Following transfer, theWTA percolates
through the polymeric peptidoglycan to represent a significant
structural entity of the S. aureus cell surface.91,332 Substitution by
D-Ala of the WTA, in the form of an ester linkage, is catalyzed by
the enigmatic Dlt pathway interconnecting the LTA and WTA
structures.333 This terse summary of WTA biosynthesis and its
incorporation into the peptidoglycan might appear to be topics
unrelated to β-lactam resistance by S. aureus, but for the fact that
both modifications to the ribitol phosphate segments of WTA
those of GlcNAc glycosylation and of the D-Ala esterification, as
well as completion of WTA biosynthesis by successful Lcp
transfer to the MurNAc saccharideare profoundly con-
sequential to the antibiotic efficacy of the β-lactams (and
other antibiotics) and to S. aureus virulence. This interrelation-
ship is summarized.
The GlcNAc saccharides appended to the WTA are not

decoration. The two glycosyltransferases of S. aureus (TarS and
TarM) differ with respect to the resulting stereochemistry of the
anomeric linkage.334−336 TarS catalysis incorporates a β-
GlcNAc (as shown in the structure in Scheme 2) while TarM
catalysis incorporates an α-GlcNAc.337,338 GlcNAc presence
(regardless of the anomeric nature) is required for nasal
colonization.339 Otherwise, TarM/TarS function is regulated by
the environmental circumstance of the bacterium. For example,
TarS activity is favored in media with high salt, and in
pharmacological assay MRSA Newman strains showing initially
preferential TarM activity transform to preferential TarS activity
during infection.340 This change may reflect both structural
adaptation (combining a steric effect and alteration of the
electrostatic surface of the WTA by the positive charge of the D-
Ala) and adaptation for immune evasion (a subtopic with
broader ramifications, including with respect to vaccine
development).341−345 To the point of the theme of this review,
genetic deletion of TarS transforms MRSA from β-lactam-
resistant to β-lactam-sensitive.346,347

The pathway for D-Ala substitution of the WTA is enigmatic
largely as a result of its complexity. Strong circumstantial
evidence suggests that the D-Ala esters of the WTA originate
from D-Ala esters of LTA.348,349 As LTA biosynthesis occurs in
the inner wall space, a mechanism is required for translocation of
D-alanine (presumably, in the form of an active ester) from the
cytoplasm to the inner-wall space, via the transmembrane DltB
protein of the DltABCD pathway, for DltD-catalyzed LTA

Figure 5. Cross-section cartoon perspective of the MRSA S. aureus cell
envelope. This cartoon complements the structures shown in Scheme 2.
This cartoon is suggestive of the structural organization of the envelope
and is not intended to indicate a realism for that organization. Here the
multiprotein, multienzyme divisome complex is represented by the
integral membrane “flippase”MurJ (magenta) that delivers Lipid II to a
PBP2 homodimer (monomers are colored in yellow and orange) in
respective complex with two PBP2a enzymes (lime-green). The BlaZ β-
lactamase resistance enzyme (light-purple) is a lipoprotein of the outer
leaflet of the membrane. The membrane-anchored and structurally
essential LTA molecules (dark-blue) interconnect the membrane (sky-
blue) to the peptidoglycan. The molecular basis for the interaction
between the LTAs and the peptidoglycan is not known. The LTAs do
not project to the surface of the bacterium. The surface of the bacterium
comprises the WTA molecules (purple) covalently attached to the
peptidoglycan polymer (sea-green). The forest-green shadowing shown
for the peptidoglycan indicates that the peptidoglycan is not a uniform
polymer but has gaps and cavities. The density of both the LTAs and
WTAs with respect to the peptidoglycan is greater than is suggested by
the cartoon.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3425

https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig5&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig5&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig5&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig5&ref=pdf
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


esterification.333,350 The mechanism for D-Ala transfer from the
LTA to the WTA is uncertain. Enhanced D-Ala esterification of
the WTA is a key component of the resistance pathway to the
multimechanism (pleiotropic) and peptidoglycan-pathway-
interacting antibiotic daptomycin, a calcium-dependent lip-
opeptide. The principle mechanism for daptomycin is suggested
to be disruption of undecaprenol phosphate recycling, as the
result of its formation of a stable complex among undecaprenol
diphosphate-containing entities (of peptidoglycan, WTA, and
capsular saccharide biosynthesis) in the presence of the
phosphatidylglycerol lipid of the membrane.351 The complex
resistance response of S. aureus to daptomycin involves
upregulation of the formation of WTA and the DltA activity
and increased peptidoglycan thickness.352−357 A molecular
mechanism basis for these alterations is not known. Small
molecule inhibition of DltB sensitizes S. aureus to aminoglyco-
sides and cationic antimicrobial peptides and is lethal when
combined with an inhibitor of WTA biosynthesis.45,358 The
relationship of the D-Ala content of the teichoic acids and β-
lactam-resistance has not been well studied. Among the fem-
resistance responses of S. aureus to β-lactams is expression of the
PBP-like enzyme FmtA, that acts as D-esterase to reduce the D-
Ala content of the teichoic acids.359,360 In contrast, deletion of
the Dlt pathway in Enterococcus faecalis sensitized this bacterium
to β-lactams.361

Nonetheless, the importance of the teichoic acids as intact
structural entities to S. aureus is proven with respect to a host of
properties, including β-lactam resistance. WTAs block antibody
recognition,362,363 prevent lysozyme access to the peptidogly-
can,364 block infection by some phages,365 reduce dye
sensitivity,366 enable colonization,366−368 and facilitate horizon-
tal gene transfer.369 Disruption of WTA biosynthesis in S. aureus
by genetic deletion of LcpA gave an altered cell morphology, loss
of virulence, and increased β-lactam sensitivity accompanied by
release of theWTA to the medium.326,370−372 Likewise, deletion
of the LcpC enzyme gave morphological changes, increased the
sensitivity of MRSA and MSSA to both β-lactam and
glycopeptide antibiotics, and reduced their ability to colonize
epithelial cells.79 The basis for these effects (whether the result
of impairment of WTA or to capsular polysaccharide
incorporation) was not determined. The potential value of
Lcp enzyme inhibitionenzymes without a eukaryotic
equivalentwith respect to S. aureus chemotherapy is
evident.79,329 Equally compelling data emerged across a series
of papers examining inhibitors of the enzymes of WTA
biosynthesis. Tunicamycin is a natural product inhibitor of
TarO, the first enzyme of WTA biosynthesis, and blocks WTA
incorporation into the S. aureus cell envelope and causes septal-
growth defect.43,372−375 It also inhibits MraY.155,158,163,376

Nonetheless, tunicamycin is not suitable as an antibiotic due
to eukaryotic toxicity. Its structural modification favorably
altered this balance to give tunicamycin analogs showing β-
lactam synergy,377 confirming previous observations showing a
16−64-fold MIC decrease for β-lactams for MRSA bacteria in
the presence of 0.4 mg L−1 tunicamycin.43 Consistent synergy is
seen between β-lactams and TarO inhibitors, across TarO
inhibitors of different structure.378−380 Genetic deletion of TarO
fromMRSA strains restores β-lactam susceptibility.282 Extensive
SAR optimization of a TarO inhibitor toward improved drug-
like character gave structures lacking antibacterial activity but
efficacious in combination with thienamycin (a carbapenem) in
a pharmacological assay of MRSA infection.347 Restoration of β-
lactam efficacy is also observed with inhibitors of the TarGH

transporter.381,382 The most studied TarGH inhibitor, targocil,
has intrinsic antibacterial activity (MIC 2mg L−1 for bothMSSA
and MRSA).383 Although targocil failed to synergize with β-
lactams against MRSA in vitro,384 the pairing (and especially
with a targocil derivative) was beneficial in pharmacological
assays of S. aureus infection.385 Moreover, while resistance
development to targocil was relatively facile, the presence of
subinhibitory β-lactam concentrations (0.2 × MIC) prevented
the emergence of targocil resistance.384 Targocil additionally
suppresses MRSA autolysis by a mechanism suggested to
coincide with entrapment of Atl, the major autolysin of S. aureus,
in the membrane as a WTA complex. Failed WTA translocation
results in failed Atl delivery.386 The development of robust
screening assays for WTA synthesis387,388 will identify enzyme
targets whose inhibition will synergize with inhibitors of WTA
biosynthesis,146 identify structures that are less protein-bound
and less prone to resistance development, and achieve superior
β-lactam synergy.385

The remaining topic is howWTA biosynthesis integrates with
that of the peptidoglycan. Evidence for intimacy between the
two biosynthetic pathways was presented previously with
respect to the function of PBP4. Two studies offer further
insight. TarO, the first enzyme ofWTA biosynthesis, is recruited
to the S. aureus divisome prior to PBP4.281 In the absence of
TarO, the S. aureus peptidoglycan is significantly less cross-
linked and is more susceptible to lysozyme degradation. The
recruitment of the remaining enzymes of WTA biosynthesis is
presumed coincident with that of TarO. Second, Lcp-catalyzed
transfer of the WTA to the peptidoglycan requires un-cross-
linked peptidoglycan (Lipid II is not an Lcp substrate).331 WTA
incorporation into the peptidoglycan may be understood as a
mechanism for positioning across the septum of the Atl
autolysin, so as to enable its eventual activation for the
controlled degradation of the septal peptidoglycan that is
required for cell separation.43,281,389 Final cross-linking by PBP4
(as PBP4 catalysis follows that of PBP1 and PBP2/PBP2a)
contributes to this positioning and secures the nearly complete
cross-linking of the peptidoglycan that advantages S. aureus.The
selective affinity of PBP4 for septal WTA, but not that of
peripheral wall WTA, implicates a key point of structural
difference between the two WTAs.281 Scanning-electron
microscopy clearly shows a smoother surface texture of new
septal cell envelope compared to a much more textured mature
cell-envelope surface.214,215 Whether this difference reflects
maturation of the WTA structure is not known. WTA
incorporation must follow initial peptidoglycan strand synthesis
by FtsW·PBP1 (wherein only selective cross-linking of the
peptidoglycan must occur) and presumably precedes PBP2/
PBP2a catalysis. Recognition of the WTAs as temporal and
spatial regulators of peptidoglycan cross-linking is now well-
supported.43,281,309,331 How this regulation fits into the
biosynthetic transition of nascent peptidoglycan to a three-
dimensional, multilayered peptidoglycan is not yet known. For
the moment, it is sufficient that inhibition of the biosynthesis of
the WTAs is a viable means of restoring β-lactam efficacy.

2.2.2. Lipoteichoic Acids. The lipoteichoic acids (LTAs)
are the second of the two glycopolymers of the cell envelope of
the Gram-positive bacterium. Their structures are more
conserved among Gram-positive bacteria as compared to the
WTAs.348,390 Whereas loss of WTA biosynthesis is disabling,
loss of LTA biosynthesis profoundly compromises bacterial
viability. LTAs contribute to a host of essential cell properties
including growth, stability, virulence, and division.391 The

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3426

pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


assertion that the LTAs and WTAs have complementary
function has support.392,393 The relative conservation of LTA
structure has additional consequences. The LTA structure is the
target of antibiotics (notably antimicrobial peptides),394,395 is
exploited in immune recognition and evasion,306,396 and offers
candidacy for vaccine development.397,398 The structure of the S.
aureus lipoteichoic acid is shown in Scheme 2 (right border of
the scheme). It is anchored to the outer leaflet of the membrane
by a specific diglucosyl lipid (the Glc2DAG glycolipid),
functionalized by repeating glycerol phosphate (GroP) units
that are decorated with D-Ala esters. This latter decoration is
critical to their structural character.45,349,399 Alternative
decoration of the LTA by glycosylation occurs as a stress
response of S. aureus.400 The completed LTA structure
intercalates into the peptidoglycan polymer but does not reach
to the cell surface.348,401

The LTA biosynthetic pathway308,348,402−405 in S. aureus in
key respects is distinctive from WTA biosynthesis.322,392,406 On
the cytoplasmic side of themembrane UgtP-catalyzed sequential
glucosylation of diacylglycerol gives Glc2DAG, that is trans-
located to the inner-wall zone by the membrane transporter
LtaA.407 Addition of the (GroP)n units is catalyzed by LtaS with
catalysis of D-Ala acylation by DltD of the DltAC/DltB/DltD
system discussed earlier. In contrast to the covalent addition of
WTA to the peptidoglycan that occurs to un-cross-linked
peptidoglycan that remains subsequent to PBP1- and PBP2/
PBP2a-catalyzed synthesis of septal peptidoglycan, the enzymes
of LTA biosynthesis interact with each other and are proximal
to, if not members of, the divisome.401,408 Indeed, perturbation
of LTA biosynthesis directly affects S. aureus peptidoglycan
biosynthesis as evidenced by an increase in cell lysis and an
increased sensitivity to β-lactams (MRSACOL, oxacillinMIC of
128 mg L−1; MRSA COL ΔltaA, oxacillin MIC of 16 mg L−1;
MRSA COL ΔugtP, oxacillin MIC of 2 mg L−1).393

This observation underscores the credibility of the argument
(advanced by many of the authors cited) that concurrent
inhibition of teichoic-acid biosynthesis could restore β-lactam
efficacy against MRSA. However, evidence in support of this
argument in the form of small molecule inhibition of LTA
biosynthesis is limited. An inhibitor of LtaS (IC50 10 μM) was
growth inhibitory and active in pharmacological models of S.
aureus infection.409 Substituted N-benzoyl-5-phenyl-1,3,4-ox-
adiazol-2-amine LTA inhibitors haveMIC values as low as 0.125
mg L−1 against MRSA bacteria.315,410 These structures
synergized with tunicamycin (concurrent inhibition of WTA),
but synergy with β-lactams is not yet reported. Naclerio and
Sintim argue forcefully that disruption of the interconnection
between the peptidoglycan and the LTAs (as well as the other
pathways of the cell envelope) is an opportunity for antibacterial
discovery.411

2.2.3. Membrane. A theme to the preceding discussion is
the importance of orderhowever poorly understoodto
every aspect of bacterial-envelope biosynthesis. The final
component of the Gram-positive envelope, the membrane, is
involved in this order. Ordering of bacterial-envelope biosyn-
thesis includes protein−protein interactions on and within the
membrane, and as the milieu for substrate availability. An
example of the former is the dissociation (variously described as
mislocalization or delocalization) of PBP2 from the divisome
upon disruption of Z-ring formation by FtsZ-binding inhib-
itors.223 An example of the latter is the Lipid II biosynthesis as
the basis for recruitment of PBP2 to the divisome.257 The
membrane also is central to antibiotic mechanisms. Daptomycin

is a clinically used antibiotic monotherapy against resistant
Gram-positive bacteria (including MRSA)412 that acts primarily
to complex the undecaprenol diphosphate segment of these
intermediates (including Lipid II) in cell-envelope biosyn-
thesis.351 Daptomycin in combination with a β-lactam (ceftaro-
line, itself with MRSA efficacy) shows improved clinical efficacy
for MRSA bacteremia compared to vancomycin monother-
apy,413,414 as is also seen in vitro (with other β-lactams) in
previous studies.415,416 Resistance mechanisms against dapto-
mycin are complex.417 With respect to combination with β-
lactams, however, increased daptomycin resistance correlates to
increased β-lactam susceptibility (a seesaw effect).418−420

Circumstantial evidence correlates this seesaw effect with
daptomycin-induced alterations in the composition (or micro-
domains) of the bacterial membrane.421−423 Additional studies
are consistent with alterations in the lipid composition of the
membrane as a mechanism for daptomycin resistance.424−426

Other studies demonstrate enhanced β-lactam efficacy toward
S. aureus when nonantibiotic, potentiator structures closely
associated with membrane binding are copresent. These
potentiator structures include farnesol,427−429 epicatechin
gallate (a flavanol ester),430−433 baicalein (a trihydroxyfla-
vone),434 other flavones,435 clerodane (an oxygenated diter-
pene),436 a 2-(trifluoromethyl)quinoline-4-ol derivative,225,437

and cidazine.438−440 Altered lipid composition (loss of
cardiolipin) of the S. aureus membrane contributes to
thioridazidine resistance.441 However, the in vitro synergy of
thioridazine with the β-lactams was not seen in pharmacological
models of infection,442−444 and β-lactam synergy was lost upon
structure−activity study for the optimization of the MIC
value.445 The inability to translate the in vitro phenomenon to
in vivo performance is never a surprise. Here, however,
uncertainty as to the active structure (thioridazine or a
photochemistry-derived product) may account for this un-
certainty.446 SAR development of the flavone kaempferol
(notably by homologation with a pair of arginine residues)
gave a dicationic derivative with comparable efficacy (at
different concentrations) as vancomycin in a S. aureus murine
corneal infection assay.447 This same study verified a membrane
mechanism. Additional perspectives on this topic are provided
by the venerable lantibiotic, nisin, that is widely used in food
preservation, and the recently discovered nonribosomal
depsipeptide, teixobactin.448 The central event in the mecha-
nism of both nisin103,449−451 and teixobactin176,177,452 is Lipid II
binding. Nisin and β-lactams synergize.453 Although synergy
between teixobactin and β-lactams has not been shown,
teixobactin suppresses the biosynthesis of both the peptidogly-
can and the teichoic acids.454

In many of these studies (including those showing enhance-
ment of β-lactam efficacy) the mechanistic commonality among
structure, membrane, and effect is not identified. This
identification is extraordinarily difficult experimentation, and
ultimately it is clinical performance rather than mechanistic
understanding that is paramount. Membrane effects can
encompass pore formation, potential dissipation, and bilayer
destabilization in addition to alteration of protein−substrate or
protein−protein interactions critical to an essential pathway.
The membrane is an increasingly recognized antibacterial target
to achieve a multitargeting effect so useful to the suppression of
antibacterial resistance.455,456

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3427

pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


3. RESISTANCEMECHANISMSOF S. AUREUSAGAINST
THE β-LACTAMS

The emphasis of the preceding discussion is the cell envelope of
S. aureus as a structurally integrated and interdependent network
of the peptidoglycan, the teichoic acids, and the membrane. The
historical preeminence of the peptidoglycan, as the target of the
β-lactams, is now understood to reflect the preeminence of the
β-lactams as antibiotics, rather than as a measure of a greater
importance of the peptidoglycan as a component of the cell
envelope. As discussed in this section (and reiterated in a later
section of this review) future chemotherapy of S. aureus infection
will likely involve multiagents to incapacitate simultaneously
multitargets, or single agents that engage multitargets of the cell
envelope. This future reality is a consequence of the current, and
already powerful, ability of S. aureus to dissipate the effectiveness
of the β-lactams as antibiotics. In this section we address this
ability as context for the β-lactams as chemotherapy.

3.1. Pathogenic S. aureus

Clinical S. aureus is not monolithic. We introduced previously
the clinical division between S. aureus that is β-lactam-
susceptible (“methicillin-susceptible”, MSSA) and S. aureus
that is much less β-lactam-susceptible (“methicillin-resistant”,
MRSA). In practice additional divisions are meaningful, notably
the MRSA strains that are encountered in the community
(community-acquired MRSA or CA-MRSA) and in the hospital
(hospital-acquiredMRSA or HA-MRSA). The division between
MSSA and MRSA is distinctive, as MSSA has one primary
resistance mechanism to β-lactams, whereas MRSA has two
mechanisms. Although CA-MRSA and HA-MRSA are currently
clinically distinctive (different virulence mechanisms to abet
their common resistance mechanisms) this distinction is likely
to blur in the future. S. aureus, in all of its guises, is a clinical
challenge.39,457,458 The reality of S. aureus as a spectrum of
strains with perceptible geographic preferences and virulence
mechanisms459 is not the primary focus of this review. Our focus
is the factors that define its β-lactam resistance.
Prior to introduction of the first penicillin (benzylpenicillin)

to clinical use during the early 1940s, in a historical context, the
then-common variants of S. aureus were broadly susceptible
organisms. The first S. aureus resistance mechanism to penicillin
was indeed identified prior to broad clinical use of the first-
generation penicillins.460 This mechanism was the production of
a class A β-lactamase that hydrolytically destroyed the antibiotic.
As described below, this mechanism resulted in obsolescence of
the first-generation penicillins, which are susceptible to the
action of this resistance enzyme. It was also the impetus for the
first campaigns in the pharmaceutical industry to generate by
semisynthesis additional analogs of penicillins that were not
turned over by the S. aureus β-lactamase. These efforts resulted
in methicillin, nafcillin, oxacillin, and cloxacillin, among others,
in the late 1950s. Availability of these more-effective penicillins
led to clinical selection of resistant strains of S. aureus, which
came to be known as MRSA. This took place first in the United
Kingdom in 1962, but shortly after dissemination was global, a
scourge that persists to the present day. How the ever-changing
clinical challenge has resulted in newer generations of β-lactam
antibiotics has been reviewed.24

3.2. β-Lactam Resistance of Methicillin-Sensitive S. aureus

3.2.1. MSSA and MRSA. The primary mechanism for β-
lactam resistance in MSSA is possession of a bla operon
containing the blaZ gene. BlaZ is a class A serine β-

lactamase.461,462 Expression of BlaZ is not constitutive. When
expression of the blaZ gene is enabled, BlaZ efficiently
hydrolyzes these penicillins (by the acylation−deacylation
mechanism of Scheme 2) and thus protects the PBPs of
MSSA from inactivation. First-generation cephalosporins (such
as cefazolin) are poorer substrates of BlaZ (see, however, the
discussion below). Second-generation penicillins (such as
methicillin) are very poor substrates of BlaZ. Hence, MSSA is
susceptible to these newer β-lactams. While MRSA almost
always retains the BlaZ enzyme, it achieves resistance toward all
but the newest cephalosporin β-lactams as a result of a second
resistance enzyme. This enzyme is a new (additional) PBP
termed PBP2a (formerly PBP2′). PBP2a is a bPBP having a
single active site, used for the transpeptidase cross-linking of
peptidoglycan strands. PBP2a uses a sophisticated allostery-
controlled mechanism for its physiological peptidoglycan cross-
linking reaction. In the absence of this allosteric trigger, the
active site exists in a closed conformation, which precludes its
inhibition by the typical β-lactam antibiotic.463 The fifth-
generation cephalosporins ceftaroline and ceftobiprole would
appear to be an exception. As documented for ceftaroline, it
indeed binds to the allosteric site to subvert allostery.464 In the
detailed analyses of conformational changes documented by
mechanistic studies, X-ray analysis, and computation, this
interaction leaves the active site accessible to another molecule
of the β-lactam antibiotic, and this molecule inactivates the
enzyme.464−466 The typical β-lactams of earlier generations
cannot inactivate the transpeptidase activity of PBP2 as they do
not bind to the allosteric site effectively to trigger the requisite
conformational change. Simultaneously, the closed active site
deprives the antibiotic from inhibiting the enzyme. This failure
of inhibition of PBP2a by β-lactam antibiotics leads to septal
peptidoglycan biosynthesis proceeding by the complementary
mechanistic pairing, achieved by PBP2·PBP2a, of the trans-
glycosylase activity of PBP2 with the transpeptidase activity of
PBP2a. The evolving statuses of MSSA and of MRSA are
presented in the following sections.

3.2.2. BlaZ and MSSA β-Lactam Resistance. The
staggering clinical success of the first-generation penicillins
against S. aureus (at first, limited only by the availability of the
penicillins) was short-lived. The acquisition by S. aureus of a
plasmid containing the blaZ operon enabled S. aureus to detect
the presence of β-lactams and to respond by derepression of the
blaZ gene of this operon (discussed in section 3.2.4). The ability
of the BlaZ β-lactamase to counter the efficacy of these
penicillins (such as benzylpenicillin, Chart 1) was addressed by
medicinal chemists through empirical structure−activity ex-
ploration. Replacement of the phenylacetic acid side chain of
benzylpenicillin with an ortho-substituted benzoic acid side
chain gave penicillins that were poor BlaZ substrates. One of the
earliest of these new penicillins was methicillin. Accordingly,
notwithstanding the presence of the BlaZ β-lactamase, these S.
aureus strains were methicillin-susceptible. The abbreviation
MSSA followed. The vast majority of modern MSSA strains
produce BlaZ, and those that do not are uncommon. In short
order, however, methicillin was replaced with the structurally
similar penicillins oxacillin and flucloxcillin (Chart 1). These
penicillins (referred to as antistaphylococcal penicillins) had
superior oral and pharmacokinetic properties compared to
methicillin. Methicillin is no longer used clinically, but its
appellation with respect to S. aureus β-lactam resistance persists.
Historical and evolutionary perspectives on this progression,
and continuing with the acquisition of the mec operon for

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3428

pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


expression of PBP2a to give the MRSA organisms, are reviewed
elsewhere.8,462,467−469

3.2.3. BlaZ β-Lactamase andCurrent β-LactamChemo-
therapy for MSSA. BlaZ is encountered both as a lipoprotein
and as a soluble protein, representing two separate processing
pathways.461,462,470 Recognition of an N-terminal “lipobox” in
the BlaZ sequence results in the covalent attachment of BlaZ
using a cysteine within the lipobox sequence to a lipid of the
outer leaflet of the membrane.470−472 As a result these BlaZ
enzymes colocalize with the PBPs in the inner-wall space of the
cell envelope. The BlaZ lipoprotein is present in membrane
vesicles473 released by S. aureus as a virulence mecha-
nism.474−477 An equal portion of BlaZ is released to the
media.470 Clinical surveys of MSSA strains often show 90% as
BlaZ-positive,478 but with different proportions of the four
common BlaZ isozymes.479,480 One isozyme was one of the first
β-lactamases to have its structure solved crystallographically.481

The BlaZ isozymes accept first-generation penicillins as
substrates, and as poorer substrates also first-generation
cephalosporins.479,482 As a consequence, the in vitro MIC
values for these strains for the clinically used cephalosporin used
to treat MSSA infection, cefazolin, show an inoculum
effect.478,483,484 The causative role of BlaZ is proven by the
disappearance of the effect in the presence of clavulanic acid, the
clinically used inactivator of many serine β-lactamases including
BlaZ.485 Since the renal safety of cefazolin is superior to that of
the antistaphylococcal penicillins486−488 the possibility for
clinical failure with cefazolin is a topic of current discus-
sion.482,489−491 This possibilityand the further possibility that
use of cefazolin will select for MSSA strains with BlaZ-conferred
resistanceis supported by the appearance of β-lactam
“borderline-resistant” MSSA strains492 that combine PBP
mutation and BlaZ hyperexpression toward clinical β-lactam

resistance.493−495 The recent isolation of an oxacillin-resistant
MSSA strain (that is, lacking PBP2a, but having the diagnostic
phenotype of a MRSA strain as the result of six point mutations
within its BlaZ enzyme) is interpreted as a troubling indicator of
yet further challenge with respect to future β-lactam chemo-
therapy of S. aureus infections.496 It is an oddity that mutations
in the β-lactamase gene that would confer broader resistance to
β-lactam antibiotics, as commonly are seen in Gram-negative
bacteria, was not seen previously in S. aureus.

3.2.4. BlaI of the blaZOperon.Our introduction of BlaZ as
the protein, with only passingmention of its gene, was purposed.
While BlaZ is the primary β-lactam resistance mechanism of
MSSA and PBP2a is the defining resistance mechanism of
MRSA, at the genetic regulatory level the two resistance
mechanisms have profound similarity and commonality. In
MSSA the bla operon encodes three proteins (BlaZ, BlaR, BlaI).
InMRSA themec operon encodes three proteins (PBP2a,MecR,
MecI). Some strains might have both operons. Both operons are
found on mobile genetic elements. The bla operon is typically
found on a plasmid or on an integrated transposon
(infrequently, is chromosomal) while the mec operon is most
commonly on an integrated transposon. The primary function of
each protein of these operons is known.498 BlaI is the repressor
protein of the bla operon, and MecI is the repressor protein of
the mec operon.499,500 BlaR and MecR are β-lactam sensor/
signal transducer proteins. That is, both BlaR and MecR are
transmembrane proteins possessing both a cytoplasmic domain
and an inner-wall zone domain. For both, their inner-wall zone
domain senses the presence of β-lactams by covalent chemistry
and transduces its sensing through the membrane so as to
activate the cytoplasmic domain. Structural and functional
homology is found between BlaI and MecI and between BlaR
and MecR. In point of fact, most clinical MRSA strains control

Figure 6. Schematic for the activation and turnover of BlaR. Antibiotic recognition on the cell surface by BlaR (left panel) leads to activation of its zinc-
protease domain at the inner membrane-cytoplasm interface of this transmembrane protein. This protease activity degrades BlaI. As a result of the loss
of BlaI the antibiotic-resistance genes of its operon, including that for BlaR1 itself, are derepressed. BlaR1 eventually experiences fragmentation at two
sites, with cleavage at one shedding the sensor domain (BlaRS) from the membrane (right panel). This model of the BlaR protein is based on the
corresponding model for the MecR protein as proposed by Belluzo et al.497

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3429

https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig6&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig6&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig6&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig6&ref=pdf
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


the mecA gene (for PBP2a) expression through BlaI as the
repressor protein for both operons,501 suggesting an importance
to the coordinated expression of BlaZ and PBP2a.502−504 There
is circumstantial evidence in favor of BlaZ as a coprotective
mechanism against β-lactams even in the presence of PBP2a.
BlaZ can be exported (whereas PBP2a is a membrane-associated
enzyme), and BlaZ is a less demanding biosynthesis as it is a
protein of 257 amino acids, compared to the 668 amino acids of
PBP2a.503

The repression mechanism used by BlaI is association to the
DNA of the promoter of the operon. Although crystal structure
analysis of the BlaI·DNA association shows that BlaI associates
to synthetic palindromic DNA as a homodimer (under the
crystallization conditions, and likewise for MecI associa-
tion),500,505,506 evaluation of the mono ⇄ dimer equilibrium
(and also the BlaI·MecI heterodimer) indicates monomer
involvement in transcription repression.507−509 The mechanism
for derepression of the operon is BlaI proteolysis, catalyzed by
the cytoplasmic domain of BlaR (or MecR) following activation
of BlaR (or MecR) by reaction with a β-lactam on the surface
domain.501,510−512 Regulation of BlaI may be anticipated to have
multidimensional control. The affinity of the BlaI protein of
Bacillus licheniformis (its bla operon is highly similar to that of S.
aureus) with respect to DNA binding is reduced in the presence
of peptidoglycan fragments. Full derepression of the operon is
suggested to involve both this allosteric regulation and BlaI
proteolysis.513 BlaI is a component of the resistance mechanism
used by MRSA against the LL-37 antimicrobial peptide.
Proteolytic degradation of BlaI, as a result of activation of
BlaR by reaction of BlaR with a β-lactam, sensitizesMRSA to the
LL-37 peptide.514 Although this observation has not been
connected at the molecular level to the cell envelope, it suggests
that there are circumstances where transcription of the blaZ
gene, in the absence of a β-lactam threat, has a fitness cost. As
intimated by the preceding discussion, expression of BlaZ is
regulated by the third protein of the operon, BlaR.
3.2.5. BlaR of the blaZ Operon. BlaR is distinct from BlaI

and BlaZ by its size, its transmembrane character, and its
mechanistic complexity. Its complete structure is not known.
Abundant circumstantial evidence indicates that the BlaR
structure may be 3-fold parsed. One structural component is a
C-terminal sensor domain, positioned by the transmembrane
helices against the membrane surface and projecting into the
inner-wall zone space. A gene construct of the sensor domain
expresses a soluble protein (discussed below).515,516 The second
structural domain of BlaR (the N-terminus) is composed of the
membrane helices. A computational model (supported by
experimental data) for the homologousMecR protein postulates
four N-terminal helices that transverse the membrane.497 The
fourth of these helices exits the membrane as the sensor domain.
Two additional helices (between the third helix and the fourth
helix) enter the membrane from the cytoplasm, bend, and exit
the membrane into the cytoplasm. The cytoplasmic residues
between the third and the fourth transversing helices organize in
the cytoplasm to form the third structural domain, postulated as
that of a zinc-binding gluzincin domain with proteolytic activity
toward BlaI. The suggested organization of BlaR, as a presumed
parallel to MecR, is shown in Figure 6. The current hypothesis
for the function of BlaR is detection of the presence of β-lactams
by the sensor domain; signal transduction through the helices so
as to activate the gluzincin domain for recognition of BlaI as
substrate. Proteolytic processing of BlaI results in derepression
of the bla operon, leading to transcription of the blaZ gene.

Experimental interrogation of the soluble C-terminal sensor
domain of BlaR clarified the sensing mechanism. Sequence
analysis of this domain (B. licheniformis) showed homology to
the Class D β-lactamases.517 The mechanistic relevance of this
homology was confirmed by comparison of the X-ray structures
of the B. licheniformis sensor domain518 and the S. aureus sensor
domain516,519,520 to the structures of Class D β-lactamases.
Moreover, exposure of the soluble sensor domain to β-lactam
antibiotics resulted in acylation (with ring-opening of the β-
lactam) of the active-site serine.521 A key contrast is that Class D
β-lactamases are catalytic,522−524 via a mechanistic sequence of
serine acylation followed by acyl-enzyme hydrolysis, whereas
serine acylation of the sensor domain is functionally irreversible.
One structural feature of the Class D β-lactamases explains this
difference. For both proteins serine acylation by the β-lactam is
the first event. Nucleophilic character is imparted to both serines
by the same general-base activation mechanism: prior reaction
of an active-site lysine with CO2 to form a carbamate functional
group (RNHC(O)O−).516 The carbamate anion hydrogen
bonds to the alcohol functional group of the serine acting as the
general base for serine activation as a nucleophile.525 Carbamate
formation is, however, reversible. Its reversal (by CO2 release)
abolishes not only the ability of the serine to undergo β-lactam
acylation but also the ability of the lysine carbamate to activate
water for hydrolysis of the resulting acyl-enzyme. In Class D β-
lactamases carbamate reversal during catalysis is infrequent. In
the case of the sensor domain of BlaR, loss of the carbamate by
decarboxylation (to give lysine as a catalytically incompetent
amino acid) follows immediately after carbamate-catalyzed
acylation of the serine by the β-lactam.516,526−528 This β-lactam-
derived acyl-serine is stable, and the β-lactam is now sensed.
While the molecular mechanism for signal propagation is that

of a protein conformational change at the surface domain
altering the conformation of a cytoplasmic domain, discerning
the conformational path is challenging. BlaR is no different.
Although the S. aureus and B. licheniformis sensor domains show
differences in in vitro behavior, they show mechanistic
consensus. Moreover, the MecR sensor domain is also included
in this consensus.529,530 Comparison of the crystal structures of
the unacylated and β-lactam-acylated sensor domains unexpect-
edly showed only a subtle structural difference with respect to
the protein. The key difference is adjustment of the entire BlaR
protein to the now stably incorporated acyl moiety of its sensor
domain. Altered contact between the sensor domain and the rest
of the BlaR protein518−520 and also for MecR529 as the basis for
receptor signaling is consistent with the observation that the
strength of the signal propagation depends on the structure of
the β-lactam that acylates the sensor domain. The proposed
locus for this altered contact is the interface between the sensor
domain and the loop that interconnects, in the inner-wall zone,
the second and third transmembrane helices (the “L2”
loop).531,532 Steric conflict contact between the looporgan-
ized as an amphiphilic peptide embedded on the surface of the
membraneand the covalently bound antibiotic is consistent
with dynamic NMR evaluation of the complex between a
peptide matching the loop sequence and the sensor
domain533−535 and combined computational and experimental
study of full-length MecR.497 As discussed in the following
section, BlaR is awoken as a catalyst.
It is noted in passing that protein constructs of the BlaR sensor

domain are of interest for the analytical detection of residual β-
lactams in food.536,537

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3430

pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


3.2.6. BlaI Proteolysis Following BlaR Activation. BlaI
represses transcription of the blaZ gene, and in many clinical
strains of S. aureus BlaI also represses the mecA gene for
PBP2a.504,509,538,539 In S. aureus (the mechanism for B.
licheniformis may not be a full parallel) derepression results
from the intracellular loss of BlaI as the result of BlaR-catalyzed
proteolysis.510,540−542 The mechanism for the acquisition of
proteolytic activity by BlaR, as a result of sensor-domain
acylation by a β-lactam, is better studied in the homologous
MecR system. With reference to the current model for S. aureus
MecR,497 the polypeptide sequence (amino acids 147−314)
between the third and fourth transmembrane helices has a zinc-
binding gluczincin protease motif.543,544 The polypeptide is
postulated to have both cytoplasmic and intramembrane
organization, with an intramembrane location for the zinc-
containing active site.497 Detachment of the sensor domain from
the L2 loop effects a structural reorganization of the gluczincin
motif to proteolytic competency with respect to BlaI as
substrate. Turnover of BlaI by this hydrolysis event exposes
the genes of its operon for transcription. The mechanism for
deactivation of the proteolytic activity of BlaRthat is, reversal
of the antibiotic-resistance phenotypeis autoproteoly-
sis.498,541 The longevity of BlaR sensor domain acylated by β-
lactam antibiotics often exceeds the duration for several
generations of S. aureus growth.516 As such, once the bla and/
ormec operons have been activated, reversal cannot be achieved
by hydrolysis and dissociation of the signaling entity (the β-
lactam antibiotic) from the surface domain. When the antibiotic
challenge is absent, BlaR undergoes proteolytic degradation at
three known sites to reverse expression of the blaZ gene for BlaZ
(and mecA for PBP2a) resistance enzyme(s).498,541 In a
noteworthy evolutionary selection, the bla and mec operons,
even in the presence of their repressor proteins, are basally
“leaky”. Thus, there is gradual production of BlaR (MecR) and
BlaI (MecI) anew.508,509 Replenishment of BlaR enables its
resumption as the vanguard sentinel for future β-lactam
encounter, as BlaI represses the transcription of genes whose
products are no longer needed.
3.2.7. PBP2a as the Primary Resistance Mechanism of

MRSA. The phenotypic differences between MSSA (with BlaZ
as the primary resistance mechanism against β-lactams) and
MRSA (with BlaZ as the secondary resistance mechanism and
PBP2a as the primary resistance mechanism against β-lactams)
are substantial. Notwithstanding the fact that the mec operon in
manyMRSA strains is coregulated by BlaR of the bla operon, the
mec complex (that includes the mec operon encoding PBP2a)
has greater genetic variability and greater complexity compared
to the bla operon.21,545,546 The greater genetic complexity of the
mec complex contributes significantly to MRSA virulence, albeit
in many cases (for example, the beneficial acquisition of the
arginine catabolic mobile element and the genes for the
Panton−Valentine leucocidin) the molecular mechanisms that
contribute to the virulence are uncertain.547 A specific example
of variability is the difference between the dominant operon
(mecA) in MRSA and the appearance (in 2011) of a new mec
operon (mecC).10,11,548,549 The basis for β-lactam resistance for
both mecA and mecC MRSA is complementation of the
endogenous PBPs by an additional, and an intrinsically β-
lactam-unreactive, PBP. The mecA PBP is PBP2a. PBP2a is a
monofunctional transpeptidase. In the presence of a β-lactam
the transpeptidase activity of the intrinsic PBP2 of S. aureus is
lost to β-lactam acylation, while its transglycosylase activity is
unaffected. In MRSA PBP2 and PBP2a complex to sustain

peptidoglycan polymerization by synchronizing transglycosyla-
tion (catalyzed by PBP2) with transpeptidation (catalyzed by
PBP2a). The mechanism for peptidoglycan polymerization by
the PBP2c of mecC is different. While mecC MRSA human
infection remains uncommon (it remains primarily zoo-
notic),550 many clinical assays used to detect mecA MRSA do
not detect reliably mecC MRSA and allow mecC MRSA to be
misidentified as MSSA.551−553 Although the PBP2c of mecC
MRSA is homologous (63% sequence) to the mecA PBP2a and
its gene expression is also β-lactam-inducible (but with different
responses to oxacillin and cefoxitin as inducers),549 the
functional integration of mecC PBP2c into the PBP family for
peptidoglycan biosynthesis does not involve complementation
of PBP2.554,555 mecCMRSA is susceptible to the non-β-lactams
used clinically againstmecAMRSA.556 At this time neither the β-
lactam unreactivity of PBP2c nor its protein−protein
interactions as a PBP is understood.
In contrast, mechanistic study of PBP2a has progressed. A

notable advance is the recognition, from crystallographic studies
of PBP2a, that allosteric regulation is a fundamental component
of its β-lactam resistance. At clinical concentrations of β-lactams
PBP2a distinguishes between substrate (favoring the peptide
stem of its peptidoglycan substrate) and inactivator (excluding
the β-lactam). A basis for the discriminating ability of PBP2a
emerged from crystal structure studies.557,558 These studies
show a substantive conformational change coincides with
catalysis.559−562 Control of this conformational change occurs
as a result of occupancy of an allosteric site on the PBP2a
enzyme that is located 60 Å from the active site (Figure
7).463,465,563 Ligand binding at this allosteric site effects a
sweeping conformational motion that propagates from the
allosteric site and culminates at the active site with the
displacement of a gatekeeping loop (Figure 8). In analogy
with other examples of allosteric regulation in proteins, the
ligand bound at the allosteric site may stabilize a conformational
state coinciding with an open active site, rather than effecting the
active-site opening. Displacement of the gatekeeper loop gives
access to the active site by substrate. The observation that the
allosteric site in the PBP2a enzyme can be occupied by
peptidoglycan (Figure 7)463 suggests how allosteric regulation
may govern the catalytic cycle of the PBP2·PBP2a pair. In this
catalytic cycle sequential glycopolymer elongation by PBP2
requires positioning by PBP2a (now as an acyl-enzyme with
respect to the peptide stem) for cross-linking transfer of the
PBP2a acyl moiety to a neighboring peptidoglycan strand.
However, release of the cross-linked strand does not complete
the cycle. The PBP2·PBP2a pair must then translocate, in
response to a constricting Z-ring, to an adjacent site of the
peptidoglycan. During translocation, the allosteric site is
unoccupied and the PBP2a active site is occluded by the
gatekeeper loop. Only after successful translocation of the PBP2·
PBP2a pair is the pair “in register” and the allosteric site
reoccupied by peptidoglycan. Allosteric conformational change
displaces the gatekeeping loop to enable PBP2a catalysis. Within
the catalytic cycle when the PBP2·PBP2a pair is out of register
and translocating, the active site of PBP2a is closed. PBP2a is
protected during this time from inactivation.464

3.2.8. Antibacterial Disruption of PBP2a Allostery.
Discovery of the allosteric regulation of PBP2a was a key prelude
to new Gram-positive antibacterial structures. Moreover, the
experimental path identified by this prelude exemplifies a now
fundamental approach toward the identification of structures
with intrinsic antibacterial activity or as antibacterial adjuvants.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3431

pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


Computational analysis of binding sites to identify small
molecule ligands has proven value.564 Computational analysis
of the allosteric site of the PBP2a structure identified two new
antibacterial classes. Optimized structures of both classes alone
are antibacterial, and selected structures of each class addition-
ally show synergy with β-lactams against S. aureus in murine
pharmacological assay. The first class has a central 1,2,4-
oxadiazole ring (Chart 3).565 Comprehensive SAR explora-
tion566−568 led to exemplary structure 7 with potent MRSA
bactericidal activity (MIC 1−4 mg L−1), and in the mouse low
clearance, a high volume of distribution, 41% oral bioavailability,
and activity (at 40 mg kg−1 in the mouse neutropenic thigh
model) against both oxazolidinone-sensitive and oxazolidinone-
resistant MRSA strains.569 A structure closely related to 7 was
synergistic with oxacillin as the β-lactam.570 Activity against
other Gram-positive pathogens was also notable (Staphylococcus
epidermis, MIC 1 mg L−1; Enterococcus faecalis, 4 mg L−1

including a vancomycin-resistant strain; Enterococcus faecium 1
mg L−1).569,571 An empirically discovered N-acyl-1,3,4-oxadia-
zol-2-amine class, with similarity to 7, has comparable
antibacterial activity. This class is exemplified by structure 8
(MSSA, MIC 2 mg L−1; S. epidermis, MIC 0.062−0.25 mg L−1;
E. faecium, MIC 0.62−0.25 mg L−1; E. faecalis, MIC 0.12−1 mg
L−1 but with weaker activity against Mycobacterium abscessus
MIC 32−64 mg L−1).572 Structures related to 9 are also active
against S. aureus (MSSA, MIC 0.25 mg L−1; MRSA, MIC
0.125−1 mg L−1) with either additivity or synergy with both β-
lactams and daptomycin.573 The target of these structures is not
known. Experimental data are consistent with cell-wall targeting
(as might occur as a result of disruption of PBP2a allostery).574

The second antibacterial class identified from computational
search of the PBP2a structure is that of the 2,3-disubstituted
quinazolin-4(3H)-one. This generic structure has broad Gram-
positive antibacterial activity, with optimal activity coinciding
with meta-substitution by a hydrogen bond donor/acceptor of a
3-phenyl ring, and para-substitution to the phenyl of a 3-styrenyl
(or 3-phenylethyl) substituent at C-2.575−579 Prototype
structure 10 (Chart 4) has a carboxylate as the substituent of

Figure 7. (A) X-ray structure of the S. aureus PBP2a shown as a light
gray solvent-accessible surface with a synthetic peptidoglycan fragment,
depicted in space-filled presentation (carbons in dark gray, oxygens in
red, and nitrogens in blue), bound to the allosteric site. (B) Stereoview
of the allosteric site with the bound peptidoglycan and (C) of the
unoccupied active site. The active site is approximately 60 Å distant
from the allosteric site. The structural changes in the allosteric
transformation that controls substrate access to the active-site serine,
spanning the two sites, is understood by crystallographic evidence,
computational simulations, and kinetic data.

Figure 8. Stereoview of the allosteric signal propagation in S. aureus
PBP2a.463 Binding of the peptidoglycan (black structure at the allosteric
site (between Lobe-1 and Lobe-2) propagates a network of salt-bridge
interactions extending between the allosteric and catalytic domains (the
transpeptidase active site is at the top of the enzyme). The seven salt-
bridge interactions seen by crystallography are identified with
arrowheads. The catalytic serine (yellow at 12 o’clock) and the acidic
(red) and basic (blue) residues of the salt-bridge interactions are shown
as spheres. Peptidoglycan (or small molecule) binding at the allosteric
site stimulates a domino motion from the allosteric site (intersection of
Lobe-1 and Lobe-2), through Lobe-3, and onto the β3−β4 loop that
controls access to the active site.

Chart 3. MRSA-Acting Oxadiazole Structures

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3432

https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig7&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig7&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig7&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig7&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig8&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig8&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig8&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig8&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=cht3&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=cht3&ref=pdf
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


its N-3 phenyl and a 4-cyanostyrenyl substituent at C-2.580

Quinazolinone 10 (and closely related structures 11−13)
potently inhibits S. aureus including MSSA, MRSA, vancomy-
cin-resistant, and oxazolidinone-resistant strains. In almost all
cases the MIC values are ≤0.25 mg L−1.581,582 Excellent activity
was seen in murine models of MRSA infection. Extensive
experimental evaluation of this structure confirmed the
computational basis underlying its identification. Quinazolinone
10 is a cell-wall-acting antibacterial. Application of a high-
frequency transposition assay for validation of the mode of
action of S. aureus antibacterials583 confirmed the PBPs as its
MRSA targets, and PBP2a as the PBP with highest affinity. It
bound to PBP2a at the allosteric site as seen by crystallographic
analysis.580 Related quinazolinone structures are active against
both MSSA andMycobacterium tuberculosis (such as 14),584−586

and scaffold-hopping (from a nitroquinazolinone) gave thieno-
[3,2-d]pyrimidin-4(3H)-one structures (exemplified by 15) that
were active against Clostridioides dif f icile.587 Phenyl substitution
at N-3 in this structure was disadvantageous.
Three questions follow from these studies. The first question

is how to extract from PBP structures, such as PBP2a, guidance
for structure-based design. The ligand used in probing the
allostery-modulated conformations of PBP2a is ceftaroline 6
(Chart 1),463 a newest generation cephalosporin whose
structure was optimized empirically to inactivate
PBP2a.588−590 Comprehensive molecular-dynamics study sub-
stantiated the allostery-driven conformational change of
PBP2a591 but failed to validate occupancy of the active site by
ceftaroline, as is seen crystallographically.463 This failure may
reflect the limitation of crystallographic PBP structure.
Crystalline proteins are homogeneous solids. Yet the only
time that PBPs are ever homogeneous is within crystals.
Endogenous PBPs organize as components of the elongasome
and divisome. Future structural study must focus on PBP
structure within these complexes. The second question is the full
mechanisms of the oxadiazole and quinazolinone structures.
These structures have potent activity against MSSA, S.
pneumoniae,M. tuberculosis, C. dif f icile, and other Gram-positive
pathogens, none of which have PBP2a. Whether this

dimensionality reflects multi-PBP inhibition, or additional
mechanisms, is not known. The last question is whether these
structures, although significant as probes that identify and
exploit weakness in the S. aureus resistome, represent a
meaningful addition to S. aureus chemotherapy. There is no
reason to believe otherwise: the structures are drug-like, potent
in vitro, and efficacious in in vivo pharmacological models.
Nonetheless, the barrier to moving structures from pharmaco-
logical models to the clinic is enormous, and especially so for
antibiotics.

3.2.9. Additional Regulatory Control of the PBPs. The
bacterial cell envelope is an integrated assembly of lipids,
proteins, enzymes, and polymers. As the viability of the
bacterium depends on preserving the quality of this integration,
it is of no surprise that the pathways toward this integration are
tightly regulated. While placing the PBPs as the only foci (or
even principle foci) of this regulation is myopic, given the central
place of the β-lactams in chemotherapy, it is understandable.
The preceding discussions identified undecaprenol partitioning,
Lipid II complexation, WTA-peptidoglycan coordination,
membrane-divisome coordination, and allosteric regulation of
PBP2a are five processes where pathway coordination underlies
the assembly of the cell envelope. In each of these five processes
disruption (such as by a small-molecule antagonist) has shown
decisive potential to abet the antibacterial activity of the β-
lactam. These five are (emphatically) not the only such
opportunities. Three additional deserve mention: the ClpXP
protease system, FtsZ polymerization to form the Z-ring, and
kinase-dependent regulation of cell-envelope assembly merit
specific mention.

3.2.9.1. ClpXP. Cells benefit from a clearance mechanism for
imperfect proteins and for proteins no longer needed. A
“machine” used by bacteria (also mitochondria and chlor-
oplasts) for this task is ClpXP, wherein ClpX is an ATP-
dependent enzyme catalyst of protein unfolding and ClpP is a
protease. ClpX and ClpP oligomerize to form a cylindrical
structure with an internal degradation chamber. While the
ClpXP system is not essential for in vitro bacterial growth, its
advantage to the virulent S. aureus is recognized.592,593 The
structures of three ClpXP machines (isolated from different
Gram-negative bacteria) were disclosed recently.594−596 Con-
ceptualization of the role of ClpXP as housekeeping is incorrect.
The breadth of ClpXP function is now recognized to be as
expansive as our understanding of its function is limited. Much
of this understanding derives from modulatorsinactivators
and allosteric activatorsof ClpP activity. β-Lactone structures
such as 16 (Chart 5) acylate irreversibly the active-site serine of
ClpP.597,598 Structure 17 (shown as the racemate) exemplifies a
more potent ester class of ClpP inactivators. Both enantiomers
of 17 are active, but with different effects on the protein structure
of the ClpXP machine (upon inactivation by one enantiomer,
the machine dissociates into smaller oligomers while the other
enantiomer inactivates but does not induce dissociation).599 In
contrast to these inactivators, the antibacterial mechanism of a
class of acyldepsipeptides (ADEPs) is allosteric activation of
ClpP.600,601 A structurally optimized semisynthetic ADEP is
shown as structure 18. Structure 19 (an analog of imipridone, an
exploratory anticancer) represents a new class of ClpP activators
having comparable activity to ADEPS but better drug-like
character.602 ClpXP activation is lethal to S. aureus persisters and
in biofilm.603

While final judgment on the value of ClpP as an antibacterial
target is not set, further studies are encouraging.19,604,605 This

Chart 4. MRSA-Acting Quinazolin-4-one Structures

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3433

https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=cht4&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=cht4&ref=pdf
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


discussion focuses on S. aureus to the exclusion of comple-
mentary studies with other Gram-positive bacteria, mycobac-
teria, and Gram-negative bacteria. Inactivation of S. aureus ClpP
by β-lactones,597,606 by peptidomimetic boronates,607,608 by a
new inhibitor class 20,609 and by genetic deletion attenuated
virulence.593 Virulence attenuation was also seen by a
competitive inhibitor (structure 21) of ClpX.606 However,
irreversible inactivation of MRSA ClpP increased β-lactam
resistance,610 as a result of elevated levels of the Sle1
peptidoglycan amidase, providing a bypass of the bactericidal
autolysis mechanism initiated by β-lactam inactivation of
PBPs.592,611 This amidase is an essential enzyme with respect
to the β-lactam resistance of CA-MRSA, where it functions to
accelerate daughter cell splitting (and leading to a reduction in
cell size).612 ClpXP localizes to the S. aureus septum592 and
functions to control the cellular concentration of FtsZ613 by a
ClpX-independent mechanism.614−618 These observations are
consistent with a direct interconnection among ClpXP, PBPs,
and the cell-envelope synthesis. The obvious remaining question
was whether activation of ClpP would synergize the bactericidal
activity of the β-lactams. This question was answered in the
affirmative using ADEPs in S. aureus and with an N-(3-
chlorobenzoyl)-5-tetrazol-5-amine inhibitor of ClpP in vanco-
mycin-resistant Enterococci.619,620 Comprehensive analysis of
the effects of ClpP activation on the antibiotic sensitivity of S.
aureus was demonstrated using the imipridone ONC212
(MSSA, bactericidal MIC of 8−16 mg L−1).602 At either 2 μM
or 4 μM concentration of ONC212 (depending on the
antibiotic), ONC212 synergized with ampicillin (a β-lactam of
the penicillin subclass), tetracycline, and ciprofloxacin and was
additive with streptomycin and rifampin. ONC212 had no effect
on the antibacterial activity of vancomycin.602 As the
imipridones have recognizable drug-like character and as yet
are not structurally optimized for antibacterial potency, they
have future promise.
3.2.9.2. FtsZ. The FtsZ cytoskeletal protein is an essential

protein of cytokinesis. The direct integration of FtsZ function
with the catalytic functions of both the PBPs andClpPX suggests
that antagonists of the GTP-dependent polymerization of FtsZ
might synergize with the cell-wall interacting antibacterials. FtsZ
depletion in S. aureus dysregulates the ordered PBP assembly of
the S. aureus septal peptidoglycan and results in the formation of

enlarged and structurally unstable cells.257 FtsZ is a promiscuous
target and the number of identified small-molecule inhibitors of
the function of this protein is large (Chart 6).220−222 Among the

most notable structures are the substituted 2,6-difluorobenza-
mides exemplified by PC190723 22.621 Structure 22 binds to
FtsZ, effects a cell morphology change identical to that described
above, exerts bactericidal antistaphylococcal activity (including
MRSA, MIC of 1 mg L−1), and is efficacious at 30 mg kg−1 in a
lethal S. aureusmurine infection model (activity was comparable
to vancomycin at 3 mg kg−1). Spontaneous resistance
mutation(s) (frequency of 2 × 10−8) was high.621 Resistance
mutation to FtsZ inhibitors is observed commonly, although in
many cases the relative virulence of the mutant(s) was not
assessed. In the example of 22, the resistant mutants showed
reduced virulence.223,622 Moreover, 22 was synergistic with
imipenem (a carbapenem) against MRSA. Combination of 22
with imipenem markedly reduced (by 10×) the frequency of
resistance mutation to 22. The mechanism of 22 is stabilization
of the FtsZ structure resulting in a deformed Z-ring.623−626 As a
consequence of the poor solubility (and lack of oral availability)
of 22,627,628 extensive efforts weremade toward the optimization
(both as structures and as prodrugs) of the PC190723 class.629

Among the former are the benzodioxane-containing structure
(23),630 the more potent PC190723-derived structure 24,631

and the imide pro-drug 25 of a second PC190723-derived
structure (the active metabolite is TXA-707, structure 26).628

Chart 5. MRSA-Acting ClpP Inhibitors

Chart 6. MRSA-Acting FtsZ Inhibitors

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3434

https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=cht5&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=cht5&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=cht6&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=cht6&ref=pdf
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


Pairing of 26 with each β-lactam within a panel of clinically used
β-lactams confirmed a synergistic interaction and further
showed that the β-lactams that gave the best synergy targeted
preferentially S. aureus PBP2 (imipenem and cefnidir).226,632

Prodrug 25 (structure code TXA709) completed a phase 1
clinical trial.633 A more general statement with respect to a
relationship between FtsZ modulators and β-lactams is the
observation that quinuclidine 27 (MRSA MIC 24 mg L−1), a
structure that impairs rather than stabilizes Z-ring formation,
also showed broad-based β-lactam synergy (in the presence of
3−24 mg L−1 27 a decrease is seen in the imipenem MIC from
16 mg L−1 to 4 mg L−1).224 Structure−activity optimization has
given structures with improved, broad-spectrum antibacterial
activity and lacking eukaryotic toxicity in cell structure
(exemplified by structure 28).634 The best evidence of the
promise of FtsZ inhibition is the consistency of positive results
across several structural templates, by different medicinal
chemistry teams. As necessary as positive consistency is for
progression in drug development, it is not evident at this time
whether there are unspoken formulation shortcomings (such as
solubility) and/or pharmacological shortcomings (such as the
uncertain identification of the entity optimally matched to a
FtsZ inhibitor as an adjuvant, metabolism, safety, pharmacoki-
netics/pharmacodynamics). Until such studies are reported, the
future impact of the FtsZ inhibitor is not known.
3.2.9.3. Two-Component Kinases. Protein phosphorylation

and dephosphorylation is a ubiquitous regulatory mechanism. In
Gram-positive bacteria arginine phosphorylation identifies a
protein for ClpP degradation.635−637 Histidine phosphorylation
is fundamental to the response of the bacterium to its
environment by metabolic regulation, using two-component
sensing (TCS, a kinase and its response regulator).638−643 And
cysteine/serine/threonine phosphorylation catalyzed by the
“eSTK” eukaryotic-like serine threonine kinases (and countered
by eSTP phosphatases) plays a myriad of roles. The genome of
the S. aureus bacterium encodes 16 TCS (the mecA system adds
a 17th)644 and two eSTK kinases. Only one TCS, the WalKR
(named for the its regulatory function with respect to the cell
wall), is essential. WalKR is a prominent regulator of cell-wall
homeostasis (especially autolysis) and of resistance to cell-wall-
acting antibacterials.645,646 Two-component systems combine a
sensor kinase (here, the WalK homodimer) which activates its
response regulator (WalR) by phosphorylation. The two eSTK
kinases are Stk1 (previously called PknB, and catalyzing
cysteine/serine/threonine phosphorylation) and the CapAB
heterodimer (a bacterial-tyrosine or BY-kinase). BY-kinases are
closely associated with regulation of the capsular polysaccharide
of the cell envelope.80 STK1 is a prominent regulator of itself (by
autophosphorylation),647 metabolism, virulence, peptidoglycan
biosynthesis, resistance to cell-wall-acting antibacterials, and
several TCS.648 A notable feature of Stk1 is the presence of three
PBP-serine-threonine-kinase-associated (PASTA) domains that
contact directly the peptidoglycan.649−654 Stk1 is recruited to
the S. aureus septum in response to the presence of Lipid II and
concurrent PASTA-domain recognition of the peptidoglycan.655

The compelling sense of this terse summary is a regulatory
labyrinth of kinases as interdependent networks within S. aureus.
Their complexity cannot be overstated. Regulatory interde-
pendency occurs by cross-talk and by protein−protein
interaction: in the Gram-positive pathogen Streptococcus
pneumoniae, its WalKR and its PASTA domain-containing
eSTK (StkP) associate.656 While S. aureus WalKR and Stk1
crosstalk, there is no evidence as yet of a protein−protein

interaction.655 The kinase substrates for S. aureus include
transcription factors, TCS proteins, and enzymes. The
hypotheses that this interdependency could identify targets for
direct antibacterial intervention, or alternatively targets whose
loss of function would synergize with the β-lactams, are
evident.652 A breadth of experimental efforts with natural
product and synthetic kinase inhibitors, mostly reported within
the past few years, has explored these possibilities.
The outstanding characteristic of the WalKR system is its role

in initiating, frequently by mutation, a thickening of the cell wall
as a resistance response to cell-wall-active antibiotics. This
phenomenon was first observed for vancomycin but is now
recognized as a general response to many cell-wall-active
antibiotics (including daptomycin and the Lipid II-binding
peptide siamycin).174,646,657−659 ClpP with WalKR cooperates
toward vancomycin resistance.660 Although the customary
interpretation of the thicker cell wall is reduced antibiotic
access to the inner-wall zone due in part to greater competitive
binding to the peptidoglycan, the WalKR response is more
versatile. For example, exposure of S. aureus to sub-MIC β-
lactams increases the MIC for vancomycin.661 The signaling
entity for the WalKR system in Bacillus subtilis is altered
peptidoglycan structure in response to the autolysin activities
controlled by this system.662,663 While the signaling entity for S.
aureus is not known, here too theWalKR TCS controls autolysis
activity,664,665 possibly in response to altered wall teichoic acid
structure rather than peptidoglycan.666 The effect of small-
molecule modulation of the WalKR TCS in S. aureus is less
studied than that of its eSTK system.667 Nonetheless,
experimental observations confirm antibacterial relevance for
this system. Three natural products, each isolated from different
Streptomyces strains,668 target the S. aureus WalKR system
(Chart 7). Walkmycin B (29) inhibits WalK autophosphor-
ylation (IC50 6 μM) with an MIC (both MSSA and a MRSA
strain) of 0.25 mg L−1.669 Waldiomycin (30) has a comparable
affinity for WalK but a poorer MIC of 4−8 mg L−1.670−672

Signermycin (31) (MIC of 3 mg L−1 both MSSA and MRSA)
binds to the interface domain of the WalK homodimer and
prevents autophosphorylation, resulting in inhibition of cell
division.673 A class of synthetic thiazolo[3,2-a]pyrimidin-3-one
structures (exemplified by 32) showed comparable MIC values
(2−6 mg L−1) against S. aureus.674 Screening of an 82,000-
membered compound library for efficacy in an MRSA-infected
Caenorhabditis elegans assay identified the eukaryotic kinase
inhibitor IMD0354 (33).675 IMD0354 demonstrated potent
bacteriostatic activity across a panel of strains, including
vancomycin-resistant strains (representative MIC values of
0.06−0.25 mg L−1). Its mechanism was suggested as membrane
permeabilization, however, and not that of inhibition of bacterial
kinases.675 IMD0354 is weakly active against Gram-negative
bacteria but was identified independently as having potent
activity as an adjuvant of the cell-wall-targeting polymyxin
antibiotics.676 The S. aureus GraXRS (also called GraRS with
GraR the sensor protein, GraS the sensor kinase GraS, and GraX
the signal transduction accessory protein associated with the
transporter VraFG) two-component stress-response and cell-
wall system is critical to both S. aureus resistance and virulence
pathways.677,678 GraR-regulated genes include mprF and the
dltABCD system for D-Ala decoration of the cell-wall teichoic
acids.333 MprF is a bifunctional catalyst of both lysyl
modification of the membrane phospholipids and of their
translocation. Its activity correlates with resistance to anti-
microbial peptides, vancomycin, and daptomycin.679−681 Cell-

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3435

pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


based screening of a 45,000-membered compound library for β-
lactam adjuvants activity against MRSA identified structure
MAC-545496 (34).682 Structure 34 was active also as a single
agent in the Galleria mellonella larvae assay. Its mechanism is
inhibition, at nM concentration, of GraR.682 Moreover, an
independent screen of a 1,280-membered library of off-patent
approved drugs as inhibitors of the GraXRS MRSA system
identified the ability of the porphyrin verteporfin (35) to
enhance PMN-mediated bacterial killing and with efficacy in a
murine model of MRSA wound infection. Preliminary
mechanistic study implicated redox modulation of the
cysteine-227 of GraS.683 All of the compounds of Chart 7
represent structural opportunity, especially given the availability
of the structure of the extracellular domain of the WalK
protein.684−686

3.2.9.4. Eukaryotic-like Kinases. Inhibitors of the eSTK
kinases also show broad antibiotic synergy, not just against
MRSA but also including other Gram-positive bacteria (such as
the enterococci),654,687 mycobacteria,688−692 and Gram-neg-

ative bacteria.693 Although the eSTK network of mycobacteria is
more complex than that of S. aureus,688,694 S. aureus has the
eSTK, Stk1 (also called PknB in the earlier literature). STK1
recognizes Lipid II,691 it interacts with peptidoglycan through
PASTA domain recognition,695 and its inhibition by small
molecule potentiators improves the efficacy of β-lactam
antibiotics.696 The genes for Stk1 of S. aureus (SA1063) and
its complementary phosphatase Stp1 (SA1062) are adjacent.
Neither is an essential enzyme. Genetic deletion of Stp1 gives a
thickened-cell-wall S. aureus phenotype. Genetic deletion of
both Stp1 and Stk1 gave a phenotype sensitized to β-lactams, as
also seen when the Stk1 gene alone was deleted.697,698 No
change in sensitivity was seen, however, with respect to
vancomycin. The β-lactam sensitivity of two MRSA strains
(MW2 and LAC) was compared upon stk1 deletion. Using
nafcillin (a penicillin having a structure closely related to
oxacillin) and imipenem as representative β-lactams, the
nafcillin MIC change for MW2 was from 32 mg L−1 to 2 mg
L−1 (breakpoint value) and for LACwas from 16mg L−1 to 4 mg
L−1. The imipenemMIC change for MW2 was from 1 mg L−1 to
0.12 mg L−1 and for LAC was from 0.75 mg L−1 to 0.06 mg
L−1.699 Screening a small library of drug-like structures for
inhibition of Stk1 autophosphorylation647 identified four
arylsulfonamides (representative structure is 36 of Chart 8)

Chart 7. MRSA-Acting Two-Component Kinase Inhibitors

Chart 8. MRSA-Acting Serine−Threonine Kinase Inhibitors

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3436

https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=cht7&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=cht7&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=cht8&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=cht8&ref=pdf
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


active at 2 μM concentration.699 Staurosporine, the pan-
eukaryotic kinase inhibitor, was equally active. None of the
four sulfonamides was antibacterial, and none showed toxicity
(in limited assay) tomice. In in vitro growth assay neitherMRSA
strain was impeded by the presence of 4 mg L−1 nafcillin. In
contrast, at this same nafcillin concentration and in the presence
of 13 μM sulfonamide (or staurosporine), bacterial growth was
inhibited by 50%. Stk1 inhibitors are adjuvants of the
bactericidal activity of the β-lactams.
This conclusion was validated concurrently using the

GSK690693 kinase inhibitor 37 to inhibit the Stk enzyme of
the Gram-positive bacterium Listeria monocytogenes.700,701

GSK690093was inactive against S. aureus but was active against
mycobacteria.696 A series of other structures, representing
different chemotypes, were active. Triarylimidazole structures
inhibited Stk1 and synergized with β-lactams (at a concentration
of 7 mg L−1 for inhibitor 38 the MIC of oxacillin was reduced
from 256 mg L−1 to 4 mg L−1 for the MRSA252 strain; from 16
mg L−1 to 4 mg L−1 for the MRSA NRS123 strain; and from 32
mg L−1 to 0.5 mg L−1 for theMRSANRS70 strain).702 Although
a relatively weak inhibitor (IC50 50 μM) of Stk1 autophosphor-
ylation, the 4,5-dihydro-5-oxo-1-thioxo-1H-thiazolo[3,4-a]-
quinazoline (Inh2-B1, 39) in combination with a β-lactam
protected mice from a lethal MRSA challenge.703 β-Lactam
alone and 39 alone were ineffective. Inh2-B1 alone, however,
inhibited biofilm formation. The eukaryotic kinase inhibitor
GW779439X (40) potentiated β-lactams, notably including the
MRSA-active ceftaroline, against multiple MSSA and MRSA
strains.704 At 5 μM 40 the MIC of ceftaroline decreased 2-fold
for the MRSA USA 300-LAC strain. The decrease was also 2-
fold forMeropenem; 8-fold for nafcillin; and 16-fold for oxacillin
(identical potentiation ratios were seen for the Δstk1 strain).
The MIC for vancomycin was unaltered. A pose for the Stk1·40
complex was validated by structure-based design. As a follow-up
to studies on tricyclic amine antidepressants as β-lactam
adjuvants against MRSA,705 the FDA-approved and nontoxic
antihistamine loratadine 41 was identified as an Stk1 inhibitor
that inhibited biofilm formation and synergized β-lactam activity
(MRSA USA300MIC of oxacillin 32 mg L−1 falls to 1 mg L−1 in
the presence of 50 μM loratadine). Although the MIC for
vancomycin (1 mg L−1) for this strain was unaltered, in the
presence of 50 μM loratadine the MIC for vancomycin-resistant
S. aureus was reduced from 512 mg L−1 to 32 mg L−1. The
inhibitory effect of loratadine on biofilm, and interestingly its
additional ability to antagonize BlaZ expression, was strain-
dependent. These studies have self-consistency. Pharmacolog-
ical activity of β-lactam-inhibitor pairs was seen even with
structurally unoptimized Stk1 inhibitors. The inability of Stk1
inhibitors to synergize the activity of vancomycin, a cell-wall-
targeting antibiotic that binds to peptidoglycan but does not
alter its structure, is consistent with Stk1 as responsive to
alteration of peptidoglycan structure (an inevitable consequence
of PBP inactivation). Likewise, the different magnitudes of
synergy that are seen for different β-lactam-inhibitor pairs is
understandable. Different β-lactams have very different relative
abilities to inactivate PBPs. Given that Stk1 has a septal location
in S. aureus, the optimal β-lactam for pairing with an Stk1
inhibitor is likely a β-lactam with selectivity for PBP1 or for
PBP2 (or PBP2a).
A final set of structures underscores the breadth of promise to

kinase inhibition as a focus, and as a starting point, for S. aureus-
targeted antibacterial discovery. The eukaryotic tyrosine kinase
inhibitor sorafenib (diarylurea 42) showed intrinsic Gram-

positive antibacterial activity (MSSA, MIC 4 mg L−1; poorer
activity against MRSA; S. epidermidis 32mg L−1) upon screening
a eukaryotic kinase-inhibitor library. Sorafenib was active as a
single agent against several MRSA strains (MIC 15−45mg L−1).
Its target was not identified. An activity-guided synthetic effort
gave the bactericidal 2-chloroethyl-N,N′-diphenylmalondia-
mide structure SC5005 (43, MIC90 of ≤0.5 mg L−1).706

SC5005 showed a low frequency of resistance, and as a single
agent (10 mg kg−1 i.p.) was active in a lethal MRSA infection
mouse model. Although the mechanism of SC5005 was
presumed to be eSTK inhibition, this mechanism was not
proved. A separate activity-guided effort stimulated by the
sorafenib structure (42) gave the orally available N,N′-
diphenylurea PK150 (44, MRSA NCTC8325 MIC 0.12 mg
L−1).707 It showed a low frequency of resistance, potent
antibiofilm activity, and eradicated persister S. aureus. However,
44 lacked eukaryotic kinase inhibition activity. Photoaffinity
proteomics with S. aureus identified two targets, SpsB (signal
peptidase IB) and MenG (demethylmenaquinone methyltrans-
ferase, the final enzyme of the menaquinone biosynthetic
pathway). Analysis of the mechanism of 44 by scanning and by
transmission electron microscopy showed blebbing defects at
the division septum, consistent with dysregulation of the
autolysin activities required for cell separation of S. aureus.707

It is additionally noted here that a different N,N′-diarylurea,
PQ401 (45, MRSA MIC of 4 mg L−1 across a panel of strains),
was discovered independently and with experimental data
consistent with a membrane-disruption mechanism.708 A
possible contribution of Stk1 inhibition to the activities of
these ureas and the possibility of their synergism with β-lactams
(PQ401 is shown already to be synergistic with aminoglyco-
sides) remain to be determined.
The phosphorylation status of the eSTK enzyme is regulated

by a separate kinase and phosphatase. Given the observation that
Stk1 inhibition synergizes the activity of the β-lactams, loss of
function of the StkP phosphatase (Stp1) could represent a
resistance mechanism. This mechanism is observed. Serial sub-
MIC laboratory passage of a MSSA strain lacking both blaZ and
mecA gave β-lactam resistance as a result of a point mutation in
the stp1 gene.709 Complementary studies of Stp1 using the
anionic diphenylmethane derivative MDSA 46 as an inhibitor
(IC50 = 10 μM), however, underscore caution with respect to
modulation of the Stk1/Stp1 system. Inhibition of Stp1 (or stp1
deletion) suppresses the virulence of S. aureus as a result of
preservation of the phosphorylated state of the SarA/MgtA
TCS.710,711 Given this seemingly paradoxical result, the
pharmacological response from kinase inhibition must be
anticipated to show complexity with respect to inhibitor
selectivity and the infection model.

3.2.9.5. Kinase Inhibitors as Adjuvants against S. aureus β-
Lactam Resistance. Although this summary of kinase inhibitors
as β-lactam adjuvants against MRSA is organized into the
separate sections of 3.2.9.3 (two-component kinase inhibition)
and 3.2.9.4 (eSTK kinase inhibition), this separation is artificial.
The two-component kinases and the eSTK kinase of S. aureus
are interacting regulatory components tasked mutually with
monitoring and responding to cell-envelope-targeting anti-
biotics.80,656,712,713 While the overall organization of this
interaction is not known, we know that in S. pneumoniae two
of these components (StkP and WalK) have a protein−protein
interaction.656 While the cognate experiment in S. aureus (its
Stk1 with WalK) has not yet been done, it is certain that its
kinase systems respond interdependently to not just pathway

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3437

pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


metabolites but to the conformational status of their proteins.
Beyond this truism, further explanation is not possible as to how
these kinase systems contribute (for example) to the
phenomenon of exposure of S. aureus to subinhibitory β-lactam
concentrations elevating the MIC of vancomycin.661 In key
respects it may suffice to know that no such MIC increase for
vancomycin is seen when the exposure is concurrent β-lactam
and vancomycin.714 An identical phenomenon is seen in the
clinical use of vancomycin for MRSA infection. When
vancomycin clinical failure occurs it coincides with MRSA
strains showing diminished daptomycin susceptibility.715 This
result is understood as a common resistance mechanism:
membrane alteration as a result of elevated MprF activ-
ity.679,681,716−718 As noted previously, themprF gene is regulated
by the two-component kinase systems.682,719 This observation
exemplifies both the path and the challenge of future
antibacterial chemotherapy. The path is multiagent chemo-
therapy. The challenge is devising an experimental path toward
the identification of the most efficacious combination of entities.
While conceptualizing the challenge in terms of identifying
kinase-inhibitor adjuvants of β-lactam efficacy is sensible within
the framework of the β-lactams as known and proven clinical
entities, outside of this framework the suggestion of (for
example) pairing an inhibitor of a two-component kinase with
an inhibitor of an eSTK kinase, to achieve virulence suppression,
is plausible. Initial analyses suggest that the creation of kinase
inhibitors that show selectivity not just against eukaryotic
kinases, but also among bacterial kinases, is possible.641 The
exploration of kinase inhibitionas is also the case for ClpXP
and FtsZ inhibitionas an approach to S. aureus adjuvant
chemotherapy has only just begun. Nonetheless, the preliminary
data indicate that all three represent promise both as
antibacterial targets and as antibacterial adjuvants.

4. AGAINST THE FORTRESS

4.1. β-Lactams against Bacterial Fortresses

The persistence of the bacteria across the eons reflects in large
part the near perfection of their protective cell envelope. Here,
“perfection” describes the intricate organization for the assembly
in place of the individual components of its envelope,
synchronized with the duplication and separation of its genome,
as a protective barrier. Here also, “near perfection” underscores
that this same intricacy leaves the bacterium vulnerable to the
disruption of the orchestration. The metaphorical giant of the
bacterium trips and stumbles over a pebble. Of all such pebbles
the β-lactam was, is, and will remain paramount. The half-
century study of just the ternary relationship among the β-
lactam, the PBP, and the peptidoglycan has given way to their
place within a much more complicated matrix of a dynamic
bacterial envelope. Over the past decade many of the dramatis
personae of the envelopeproteins, enzymes, and structures
have been identified. These actors are now named, and in many
cases both the act that they appear and portions of the dialogue
that they are called to voice have come into clearer focus. While
we remain decades away (if that) from the full text of the play,
among the clearer foci is a better understanding of the
bactericidal mechanism of the β-lactams. The elegance with
which they meld structural mimicry of the D-Ala-D-Ala stem
terminus with decisively different acylation chemistry, thus
trapping the PBPs as inert acyl-enzymes incapable of completing
the synthesis of the peptidoglycan of the cell wall, was among the
earliest mechanistic discernments. This discernment coalesced

subsequently with recognition that net peptidoglycan biosyn-
thesis was the difference between acylation-dependent accretion
against hydrolase-dependent removal, repair, and remodeling.
Loss of PBP function was understood to disrupt the balance
between accretion and removal, with removalcatalyzed by
mis-regulation of the very same autolysins required for cell
divisioneventually resulting in the structural failure of the
peptidoglycan, and hence the bacterium.720 The many studies
that confirm adjuvant structures that synergize with β-lactams
indicate that the question of how and where to synergize with
PBP inactivation has multiple answers. This conclusion is not a
surprise. Bacteria have different ecological niches, different
shapes, different cell-envelope structures, different regulatory
pathways, different metabolic requirements, multiple peptido-
glycan structures, and different ensembles of PBP. The
expectation of a common answer is naive. Our focus here is S.
aureus.

4.2. β-Lactams against the S. aureus Fortress: In the
Laboratory

The focus of the in vitro study of a pathogen is the identification
of structures and mechanisms as a first step to its possible future
control. The patient today with bacteremia as a result of
infection by extensively resistant S. aureusto β-lactams,
vancomycin, daptomycin, and linezolidis the exception.721

How may in vitro studies suggest answers, should the exception
become the rule? This review enumerates opportunity for
structures and mechanisms within wall teichoic acid biosyn-
thesis, within interference with undecaprenol phosphate/Lipid
II recycling, within PBP allosteric regulation, within the
coordination of the cytoskeleton to the envelope, and within
kinase regulation of pathways. This list is a beginning. Some of
these new structures have potential as single agents, and many
synergize the in vitro activity of β-lactams. The uncertain
predictive value of in vitro synergy for in vivo synergy is
understood. Persistent curiosity with respect to the important
chemical intricacy of bacterial function will refine our ability to
use the former to focus on the latter. For example, the
straightforward task of correlating β-lactam selectivity to PBP
function has been done for only a small number of pathogenic
bacteria,197 notwithstanding the clinical importance of this
correlation. The sensitivity of PBP2a of S. aureus to different β-
lactams varies significantly.722 Comprehensive in vitro synergy
evaluations can detect important patterns, such as the
observation that the synergy of β-lactams with the lip-
oglycopeptides dalbavancin, oritavancin, and telavancin was
superior to that of vancomycin and teicoplanin.723 Regardless of
mechanism, examining the effect of the antibacterial on the
metabolism of the bacterium is more important than its effect on
the growth of the bacterium.724−726 The discovery of new
antibacterial structurewhether from Nature or from synthetic
librariesis by no means exhausted.727−729

Nor is value from the study of the β-lactams exhausted. S.
pneumoniae is the Gram-positive ovococcus with similarity (and
also, important difference) to the S. aureus coccus with respect to
the structure of its cell envelope.201,730,731 In both bacteria
peptidoglycan biosynthesis involves coordination of initial bPBP
(PBP1 in S. aureus) activity with subsequent aPBP activity.
Persuasive evidence suggests a peptidoglycan sizing mechanism,
whereby the peptidoglycan strand from the bPBP is measured
and then terminated by a task-specific peptidoglycan-cleaving
enzyme called a lytic transglycosylase.732 The strand is then
suggested to transfer to the aPBP for incorporation into the

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3438

pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


peptidoglycan polymer.733 Failure to complete this transfer is
toxic to the bacterium. Since exploratory inhibitors of the lytic
transglycosylases are known, if S. aureus uses a similar
mechanism its disruption could represent another point for β-
lactam synergy. The bactericidal event that culminates the
activity of the β-lactams in S. pneumoniae (and other bacteria,
including S. aureus) is suggested as disregulation of their
autolysin activity.64 Transfer of the primary autolysin LytA of S.
pneumoniae to the inner-wall zone is suggested to occur in the
form of a catalytically suppressed LytA·lipoteichoic acid
complex. The transition from LTA biosynthesis to wall teichoic
acid synthesis is proposed to effect a change from LTA
biosynthesis to WTA biosynthesis as a regulatory event

contributing to the unmasking of the LytA activity. Inactivation
of the PBPs by β-lactams disrupts teichoic acid biosynthesis so as
to effect the premature activation of LytA culminating in the
structural failure of the wall.64 A conceptually similar process
may operate for S. aureus. However, the LTA and WTA
biosynthetic pathways in S. aureus are separate (these pathways
overlap in S. pneumoniae).While themechanism in S. aureusmay
have similarity, it must also have a key point of difference. An
important observation with respect to a difference is the
observation that small-molecule inhibition of the TarG
transferase blocks the transfer to the inner-wall zone of both
theWTA and the primary S. aureus autolysin Atl.386 Atl normally
translocates to the septal perimeter of the dividing S. aureus

Figure 9. Suggested integration of the structural components of the S. aureus cell envelope with respect to spatial control of the Atl autolysin in S. aureus
cell division. The structural components are rendered in cartoon form and placed with reference to Panel G of Figure 3 (duplicated as the top right
inset). The structural components are (7 o’clock to 3 o’clock) the LTA (decorated with D-Ala residues), the peptidoglycan (bifurcated to indicate
growth of the dual septa of the daughter cells), and nascent WTA at the septal perimeter. The icons used for the saccharides follow glycan icon
nomenclature (Glc, blue circle; GlcNAc, blue square;ManNAc, green square;MurNAc, purple hexagon).742 NascentWTA is not decorated with D-Ala
residues. The Atl pro-bifunctional autolysin enzyme, represented by yin and yang (light brown/dark brown) circle symbol, is transported to engage the
nascent WTA either through or in coordination with the TarGH transporter (the arrows of the figure are meant to represent either possibility). Atl is
held in place by electrostatic interaction with the nascentWTA. ThematureWTA found elsewhere on the cell envelope is suggested to be decorated by
D-Ala residues (by transacylation of the D-Ala residues of the LTA) and thus incapable of binding Atl. Accordingly, Atl is held to the septal perimeter.
Atl activation is tightly regulated (by an unknown mechanism) to the final stage of cytokinesis. Based on observations made with S. pneumoniae,
inactivation of PBPs by the β-lactams disrupts this regulation, leading to premature activation of Atl autolysin and disregulated peptidoglycan
degradation. This degradation is suggested as the culminating event of the bactericidal mechanism of the β-lactams.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3439

https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig9&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig9&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig9&ref=pdf
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?fig=fig9&ref=pdf
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


cell.734 Atl is proteolytically activated to release, in a spatially
defined manner, its two enzymatic domains: the amidase AmiA
and the glycosylase GlcA.735−737 Upon activation peptidoglycan
degradation occurs as a result of initial cleavage of the stem
peptide (at the MurNAc-L-ala amide bond) by AmiA, followed
by the release of GlcNAc-MurNac disaccharides as a result of
AmiA acting as an exoglycosylase.738 Their cooperative catalysis
enables, after cell division, the separation from each other of the
daughter cells as a result of the degradation of the interfacial
peptidoglycan. As Atl complexes with teichoic acids,739 the
teichoic acids are suggested to have a role in Atl localization to
nascent WTA. A structural distinction that may explain Atl
binding to nascent WTA and exclusion from mature WTA is
LTA-dependent tailoring, by D-Ala transacylation. The altered
electrostatic character of WTA as a result of D-Ala decoration
may represent the basis for Atl localization.349,359,360 A
conceptual proposal for WTA·Atl complexation is given in
Figure 9. Proper tailoring of the teichoic acids is critical to
MRSA virulence.45,303,333,346,358,740 Interference with D-Ala
tailoring of the teichoic acids of both Enterococci and S. aureus
strains sensitizes these bacteria to β-lactams.361,741 Interference
with D-Ala (and glycosylation)400 tailoring of the teichoic acids
represents opportunity for antibacterial discovery.333,411

Because our understanding of the matrix behind the cell
envelope is so primitive, these explorations will need to
transcend the orthodox. One example involves the β-lactamase
inhibitor, clavulanate, as adjuvant for the β-lactams in the
therapy of MRSA infection.743 The orthodox consensus is that
the contribution of the BlaZ β-lactamase to MRSA resistance is
secondary to that of PBP2a. Yet the combination of clavulanate
with β-lactams is synergistic against bothmecAMRSA strains744

and mecC MRSA.745 The less orthodox hypothesis is that
clavulanate sensitizes PBP2a to penicillin inactivation (by an
uncertain mechanism, possibly by allostery) characterized by
collateral sensitivity: two agents, where resistance to one agent
sensitizes the bacterium to the other.746,747 The penicillin−
clavulanate combination is not the only collaterally sensitive β-
lactam combination. Combination of two β-lactams (merope-
nem and piperacillin) with a β-lactamase inhibitor (tazobactam,
also a β-lactam and mechanistically related to clavulanate) is
active against MRSA and suppresses resistance development.748

Given the increasing likelihood that the most challenging
bacterial pathogens will require multiagent chemotherapyas is
already the case for Mycobacterium tuberculosisthe search for
collateral sensitivity with respect to the bactericidal mecha-
nism749,750 and with respect to suppression of resistance
development751,752 increasingly will represent the focus of in
vitro antibacterial discovery.

4.3. β-Lactams against the S. aureus Fortress: In the Clinic

The clinic is today and not tomorrow. Time has changed but not
abolished the preeminent role for the β-lactams as chemo-
therapy against S. aureus infection.24,42 Cefazolin as an older
cephalosporin remains effective against MSSA, and the
combination of cefazolin with ertapenem (a carbapenem) was
effective against persistent MSSA bacteremia.753 First-line
therapeutic agents for MRSA bacteremia are vancomycin and
daptomycin. Current practice in the case of clinical failure of
these agents is the addition of another antibacterial (combina-
tion therapy).754 Depending on the infection circumstance the
added antibacterial is selected from among clinically established
non-β-lactam Gram-positive antibacterials (such as linezolid,
trimethoprim-sulfamethazole, and fosfomycin), clinically estab-

lished β-lactams (such as imipenem and ertapenem), the
newest-generation cephalosporins ceftobiprole (approved in
Europe) and ceftaroline fosamil (approved in the US),755−759

and from among six other newly approved agents (oritavancin,
dalbavancin, telavancin, tedizolid, delafloxacin, and omadacy-
cline).41,760−763 The circumstances of frequent first-line agent
failure, and a breadth of agent options for combination, is the
basis for two current debates: whether it is sensible to wait until
clinical failure of the first-line agents to progress to combination
therapy,764 and then following the decision in favor of
combination therapy, the appropriate agent for the combina-
tion.765 While the potential therapeutic benefit of β-lactam
combination therapy in Gram-negative infection is beyond
doubt (decades of favorable outcome with β-lactam−β-
lactamase inhibitor combinations, now even further expanded
by the newest β-lactamase inhibitor structures),766 the challenge
of developing a rational experimental path toward the
identification of favorable combinations with respect to efficacy
and safety, is daunting. The selection of the cefazolin-ertapenem
pairing for persistentMSSA bacteremia was made on the basis of
complementary PBP targeting: cefazolin for PBP1 and
ertapenem for PBP2, and was supported by in vitro synergy.753

Notwithstanding the sensibility of this basis and progress toward
more effective methods for in vitro validation of synergy,767 the
translation of in vitro synergy to the clinic is not predictable. The
observation of unexpected clinical efficacy for the cefazolin-
ertapenem pair against MSSA may be argued as balanced by
observations with the synergistic combination of daptomycin
and fosfomycin.768,769 Daptomycin (as a calcium complex) is a
cell-wall-targeting antibiotic with complex mechanisms of
action, including membrane disruption and membrane-depend-
ent interference in undecaprenol phosphate recycling.351,412,770

Fosfomycin is an inhibitor of theMurA, an early enzyme of Lipid
II biosynthesis. The daptomycin−fosfomycin combination
showed modest (not significant) improvement in efficacy with
greater (not significant) incidence of adverse events, compared
to daptomycin alone.771 The combination of vancomycin and
penicillin also is synergistic against MRSA. Nonetheless, this
combination was a clinical failure: the benefit of the combination
was countered by an increased risk of nephrotoxicty.764,772

Combination of daptomycin with β-lactams also shows
pronounced collateral synergy against MRSA, as a phenomenon
known as the seesaw effect.418−420,680,773 Cephalosporin−
daptomycin pairing shows clinical promise774,775 with in vitro
study identifying ceftaroline, a cephalosporin optimized for
PBP2a affinity, as a particularly favorable choice.413,414 The
magnitude of the challenge is exemplified by the in vitro
observation that the resistance response of MRSA to a
carbapenem (Meropenem) included mecA mutation and
mutation of PBP1 and PBP2, established collateral resistance
to ceftaroline.776 However, neither initial use of noncarbapenem
β-lactams alone nor concurrent carbapenem-ceftaroline combi-
nation, gave comparable resistance mutation. Notwithstanding
the important (if not essential) value of clinical evaluation,765

the immediate future for the progression of candidates for
MRSA chemotherapy will largely be empirical prioritization.
This empirical exploration surely will include further evaluation
of β-lactam synergy known additional synergistic pairings
identified by in vitro study against multistrain MRSA include
ceftaroline-dalbavancin415 and imipenem-linezolid777as well
as answers as to whether the lipoglycopeptides (such as
dalbavancin and oritavancin) are intrinsically superior to
vancomycin416,778−780 or whether fundamentally different

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3440

pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


approaches to MRSA therapy, such as the use of “metabolism”
adjuvants453,781−784 (some as simple as bicarbonate)785 or lysin
(enzymatic) adjuvants.786−789

Yet the forward pathwhether that of adjuvants or
innovative single agents for MRSAis poorly lit. The diversity
of MRSA strains is expanding. Clinical treatment of MRSA
infection will still invariably begin with older, less expensive, and
less potent agents (such as vancomycin), rather than the newer
and more potent (but also more expensive) agents. Even simple
change, such as an early intravenous to oral β-lactam transition
in uncomplicated S. aureus bacteremia,775,790 is recent
innovation. Compelling in vitro discovery of combinations
must pass the daunting barrier, in its stringency and its
unpredictability, of matched pharmacokinetics.791,792 The
pragmatics of treating bacterial infection require that anti-
bacterial combinations be formulated as a fixed dose,793 with the
attendant requirement of a business framework to support the
choices for the combination. Journeys begin with a first step, and
drug discovery begins with the integration of promising
structure into inchoate mechanistic understanding.456 Although
S. aureus remains a fortress, its fortress is pregnable. This review
is a narrative of promising structure, of compelling yet an
incomplete understanding of the interplay among its targets, and
last of promise as to where entry into the fortress is possible.

AUTHOR INFORMATION
Corresponding Authors

Jed F. Fisher − Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry,
McCourtney Hall, University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame,
Indiana 46556, United States; orcid.org/0000-0002-
7174-4352; Email: jfisher1@nd.edu

Shahriar Mobashery − Department of Chemistry and
Biochemistry, McCourtney Hall, University of Notre Dame,
Notre Dame, Indiana 46556, United States; orcid.org/
0000-0002-7695-7883; Email: mobashery@nd.edu

Complete contact information is available at:
https://pubs.acs.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010

Author Contributions

Both authors contributed to the writing of this review.

Notes

The authors declare no competing financial interest.

Biographies

Jed F. Fisher purified his first enzyme 47 years ago, at a time when the
sharp ammonium sulfate cut was an essential laboratory skill. His
transformation into a biological chemist was shaped by the generosity of
many scientists, given across the breadth of teachable moments to
decades of friendship. His biographical statement is in the form of
grateful acknowledgement to these scientists: Bill Fowler, Bob Kerber,
George Whitesides, Jack Baldwin, Dan Kemp, Yak Cheung, Rob
Spencer, Greg Kaczorowski, Pat Marcotte, Paula Olsiewski, Tom
Cromartie, Michael Johnston, Mike Marletta, Vince Massey, Jim
Becvar, Konrad Bloch, Bob Woodward, Frank Westheimer, Dwight
Peterson, Yong Tae Lee, Dave Brand, Beth Abdella, Kim Clark-Ferris,
K. Ramakrishnan, George Barany, Francis Barany, Paul Gassman, Al
Moscowitz, Maurie Kreevoy, Allen Harrison, Roy Johnson, Steve Tanis,
Al Chrusciel, Julia Clay, Will McWhorter, Joe Strohbach, Bruce
Pearlman, Peter Wuts, Dennis Epps, Tomi Sawyer, Imadul Islam, Ed
Vedejs, Scott Denmark, Lydia Hines, Jake Szmuszkovicz, Mary
Woolley, Marta Toth, Sergei Vakulenko, Mayland Chang, Juan

Hermoso, Karen Bush, Samy Meroueh, Mijoon Lee, Dusan Hesek,
Chris Forbes, Peter O’Daniel, Marc Boudreau, Leticia Llarrull,
Sebastian Testero, Malika Kumarasiri, Jarrod Johnson, Kiran
Mahasenan, David Dik, Enrico Speri, Stefania De Benedetti, Choon
Kim, Charles Raja, Yuanyuan Qian, Homero Dominguez, Mohini
Konai, Van Nguyen, Marv Miller, Paul Helquist, Xav Creary, Brian
Blagg, Brad Smith, Rich Taylor, Olaf Wiest, and especially Chris Walsh,
Jeremy Knowles, and Shahriar.

Shahriar Mobashery received his training from undergraduate to
postdoctoral studies at the University of Southern California, the
University of Chicago, and the Rockefeller University, respectively. He
holds the Navari Chair in the Department of Chemistry and
Biochemistry at the University of Notre Dame.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
The authors thank Kristina Davis and KiranMahasanen for their
creative assistance in the preparation of the figures. The authors
acknowledge the financial support of this work by the National
Institutes of Health (AI104987).

ABBREVIATIONS USED
ADEP acyldepsipeptide inhibitor of ClpXP
aPBP Class A PBP, a HMM-PBP that is bifunctional with

both transglycosylase and transpeptidase catalytic
activities, and in S. aureus is PBP2

bPBP Class B PBP, a HMM-PBP that is monofunctional
as a transpeptidase, and in S. aureus is PBP1 and
PBP3

cPBP Class C PBP, a low-molecular-mass PBP, and in S.
aureus is the PBP4 transpeptidase

CA-MRSA community-acquired MRSA
eSTK eukaryotic-type bacterial serine-threonine kinase
HA-MRSA hospital-acquired MRSA
HMM-PBP high molecular mass-penicillin binding protein
IWZ inner wall zone
LCP LytR-CpsA-Psr protein family
LMM-PBP low molecular mass-penicillin binding protein
LTA lipoteichoic acid
MSSA methicillin-sensitive S. aureus
MRSA methicillin-resistant S. aureus
NAG GlcNAc, N-acetylglycosamine
NAM MurNAc, N-acetylmuramic acid
PBP penicillin binding protein
TCS bacterial two-component kinase system
WTA wall teichoic acid

REFERENCES
(1)David,M. Z. The importance of Staphylococcus aureus genotypes in
outcomes and complications of bacteremia. Clin. Infect. Dis. 2019, 69,
1878−1880.
(2) Souli, M.; Ruffin, F.; Choi, S. H.; Park, L. P.; Gao, S.; Lent, N. C.;
Sharma-Kuinkel, B. K.; Thaden, J. T.; Maskarinec, S. A.; Wanda, L.;
et al. Changing characteristics of Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia:
results from a 21-year, prospective, longitudinal study. Clin. Infect. Dis.
2019, 69, 1868−1877.
(3)Mulani, M. S.; Kamble, E. E.; Kumkar, S. N.; Tawre, M. S.; Pardesi,
K. R. Emerging strategies to combat ESKAPE pathogens in the era of
antimicrobial resistance: A review. Front. Microbiol. 2019, 10, 539.
(4) Rello, J.; Eshwara, V. K.; Lagunes, L.; Alves, J.; Wunderink, R. G.;
Conway-Morris, A.; Rojas, J. N.; Alp, E.; Zhang, Z. A global priority list
of the TOp TEn resistant Microorganisms (TOTEM) study at
intensive care: a prioritization exercise based on multi-criteria decision
analysis. Eur. J. Clin. Microbiol. Infect. Dis. 2019, 38, 319−323.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3441

https://pubs.acs.org/action/doSearch?field1=Contrib&text1="Jed+F.+Fisher"&field2=AllField&text2=&publication=&accessType=allContent&Earliest=&ref=pdf
http://orcid.org/0000-0002-7174-4352
http://orcid.org/0000-0002-7174-4352
mailto:jfisher1@nd.edu
https://pubs.acs.org/action/doSearch?field1=Contrib&text1="Shahriar+Mobashery"&field2=AllField&text2=&publication=&accessType=allContent&Earliest=&ref=pdf
http://orcid.org/0000-0002-7695-7883
http://orcid.org/0000-0002-7695-7883
mailto:mobashery@nd.edu
https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz114
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz114
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz112
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz112
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2019.00539
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2019.00539
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10096-018-3428-y
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10096-018-3428-y
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10096-018-3428-y
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10096-018-3428-y
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


(5) Talbot, G. H.; Jezek, A.; Murray, B. E.; Jones, R. N.; Ebright, R. H.;
Nau, G. J.; Rodvold, K. A.; Newland, J. G.; Boucher, H. W. The
Infectious Diseases Society of America’s 10 × ‘20 initiative (ten new
systemic antibacterial agents FDA-approved by 2020): Is 20 × ‘20 a
possibility? Clin. Infect. Dis. 2019, 69, 1−11.
(6) De Oliveira, D. M. P.; Forde, B. M.; Kidd, T. J.; Harris, P. N. A.;
Schembri, M. A.; Beatson, S. A.; Paterson, D. L.; Walker, M. J.
Antimicrobial resistance in ESKAPE pathogens. Clin. Microbiol. Rev.
2020, 33, No. e00181-19.
(7) Inagaki, K.; Lucar, J.; Blackshear, C.; Hobbs, C. V. Methicillin-
susceptible and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia:
nationwide estimates of 30-day readmission, In-hospital mortality,
length of stay, and cost in the United States. Clin. Infect. Dis. 2019, 69,
2112−2118.
(8) Harkins, C. P.; Pichon, B.; Doumith, M.; Parkhill, J.; Westh, H.;
Tomasz, A.; de Lencastre, H.; Bentley, S. D.; Kearns, A. M.; Holden, M.
T. G. Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus emerged long before
the introduction of methicillin into clinical practice.Genome Biol. 2017,
18, 130.
(9) Hecker, M.; Mad̈er, U.; Völker, U. From the genome sequence via
the proteome to cell physiology - Pathoproteomics and pathophysiol-
ogy of Staphylococcus aureus. Int. J. Med. Microbiol. 2018, 308, 545−557.
(10) Milheirico̧, C.; de Lencastre, H.; Tomasz, A. Full-genome
sequencing identifies in the genetic background several determinants
that modulate the resistance phenotype in methicillin-resistant
Staphylococcus aureus strains carrying the novel mecC gene. Antimicrob.
Agents Chemother. 2017, 61, No. e02500-16.
(11) Pardos de la Gandara, M.; Borges, V.; Chung, M.; Milheirico̧, C.;
Gomes, J. P.; de Lencastre, H.; Tomasz, A. Genetic determinants of
high-level oxacillin resistance in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus
aureus. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2018, 62, No. e00206-18.
(12) Peacock, S. J.; Paterson, G. K. Mechanisms of methicillin
resistance in Staphylococcus aureus. Annu. Rev. Biochem. 2015, 84, 577−
601.
(13) Gajdaćs, M. The continuing threat of methicillin-resistant
Staphylococcus aureus. Antibiotics 2019, 8, 52.
(14) Turner, N. A.; Sharma-Kuinkel, B. K.; Maskarinec, S. A.;
Eichenberger, E. M.; Shah, P. P.; Carugati, M.; Holland, T. L.; Fowler,
V. G. Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus: an overview of basic
and clinical research. Nat. Rev. Microbiol. 2019, 17, 203−218.
(15) Fuda, C. C. S.; Fisher, J. F.; Mobashery, S. β-Lactam resistance in
Staphylococcus aureus: the adaptive resistance of a plastic genome. Cell.
Mol. Life Sci. 2005, 62, 2617−2633.
(16) Otto, M. MRSA virulence and spread. Cell. Microbiol. 2012, 14,
1513−1521.
(17) Hodille, E.; Rose, W.; Diep, B. A.; Goutelle, S.; Lina, G.;
Dumitrescu, O. The role of antibiotics in modulating virulence in
Staphylococcus aureus. Clin. Microbiol. Rev. 2017, 30, 887−917.
(18) Assis, L. M.; Nedeljkovic,́ M.; Dessen, A. New strategies for
targeting and treatment of multi-drug resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Drug Resist. Updates 2017, 31, 1−14.
(19) Foster, T. J. Antibiotic resistance in Staphylococcus aureus.
Current status and future prospects. FEMS Microbiol. Rev. 2017, 41,
430−449.
(20) Grunenwald, C. M.; Bennett, M. R.; Skaar, E. P. Nonconven-
tional therapeutics against Staphylococcus aureus. Microbiol. Spectrum
2018, 6, GPP3-0047.
(21) Lakhundi, S.; Zhang, K. Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus
aureus: molecular characterization, evolution, and epidemiology. Clin.
Microbiol. Rev. 2018, 31, No. e00020-18.
(22) Watkins, R. R.; Holubar, M.; David, M. Z. Antimicrobial
resistance in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus to newer
antimicrobial agents. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2019, 63,
No. e01216-19.
(23) Palavecino, E. L. Clinical, epidemiologic, and laboratory aspects
of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus infections. Methods Mol.
Biol. 2020, 2069, 1−28.

(24) Testero, S. A.; Llarrull, L.; Fisher, J. F.; Mobashery, S. β-Lactam
antibiotics. Burger’s Medicinal Chemistry, Drug Discovery and Develop-
ment, Eighth Edition; 2021, in press.
(25) Tipper, D. J.; Strominger, J. L.Mechanism of action of penicillins:
a proposal based on their structural similarity to acyl-D-alanyl-D-
alanine. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1965, 54, 1133−1141.
(26) Lee, B. Conformation of penicillin as a transition-state analog of
the substrate of peptidoglycan transpeptidase. J. Mol. Biol. 1971, 61,
463−469.
(27) Boyd, D. B. Transition state structures of a dipeptide related to
the mode of action of β-lactam antibiotics. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A.
1977, 74, 5239−5243.
(28) Lee, W.; McDonough, M. A.; Kotra, L.; Li, Z. H.; Silvaggi, N. R.;
Takeda, Y.; Kelly, J. A.; Mobashery, S. A 1.2 Å snapshot of the final step
of bacterial cell wall biosynthesis. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2001, 98,
1427−1431.
(29) Silvaggi, N. R.; Josephine, H. R.; Kuzin, A. P.; Nagarajan, R.;
Pratt, R. F.; Kelly, J. A. Crystal structures of complexes between the R61
DD-peptidase and peptidoglycan-mimetic β-lactams: a non-covalent
complex with a “perfect penicillin”. J. Mol. Biol. 2005, 345, 521−533.
(30) Pratt, R. F. β-Lactamases: why and how. J. Med. Chem. 2016, 59,
8207−8220.
(31) Kresge, N.; Simoni, R. D.; Hill, R. L. Penicillin binding in
bacteria: the work of Jack L. Strominger. J. Biol. Chem. 2007, 282,
No. e25-e27.
(32) Nicola, G.; Tomberg, J.; Pratt, R. F.; Nicholas, R. A.; Davies, C.
Crystal structures of covalent complexes of β-lactam antibiotics with
Escherichia coli penicillin-binding protein 5: toward an understanding of
antibiotic specificity. Biochemistry 2010, 49, 8094−8104.
(33) Pratt, R. F.; McLeish, M. J. Structural relationship between the
active sites of β-lactam-recognizing and amidase signature enzymes:
convergent evolution? Biochemistry 2010, 49, 9688−9697.
(34) Yoshida, H.; Kawai, F.; Obayashi, E.; Akashi, S.; Roper, D. I.;
Tame, J. R. H.; Park, S.-Y. Crystal structures of penicillin-binding
protein 3 (PBP3) frommethicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in the
apo and cefotaxime-bound forms. J. Mol. Biol. 2012, 423, 351−364.
(35) Massova, I.; Mobashery, S. Kinship and diversification of
bacterial penicillin-binding proteins and β-lactamases. Antimicrob.
Agents Chemother. 1998, 42, 1−17.
(36) Meroueh, S. O.; Minasov, G.; Lee, W.; Shoichet, B. K.;
Mobashery, S. Structural aspects for evolution of β-lactamases from
penicillin-binding proteins. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2003, 125, 9612−9618.
(37) Peitsaro, N.; Polianskyte, Z.; Tuimala, J.; Porn-Ares, I.; Liobikas,
J.; Speer, O.; Lindholm, D.; Thompson, J.; Eriksson, O. Evolution of a
family of metazoan active-site-serine enzymes from penicillin-binding
proteins: a novel facet of the bacterial legacy. BMC Evol. Biol. 2008, 8,
26.
(38) Ozturk, H.; Ozkirimli, E.; Ozgur, A. Classification of β-
lactamases and penicillin binding proteins using ligand-centric network
models. PLoS One 2015, 10, No. e0117874.
(39) Jackson, K. A.; Gokhale, R. H.; Nadle, J.; Ray, S. M.; Dumyati, G.;
Schaffner, W.; Ham, D. C.; Magill, S. S.; Lynfield, R.; See, I. Public
health importance of invasive methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus
aureus infections: surveillance in 8 US counties, 2016. Clin. Infect. Dis.
2020, 70, 1021−1028.
(40) Bassetti, M.; Carnelutti, A.; Castaldo, N.; Peghin, M. Important
new therapies for methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Expert
Opin. Pharmacother. 2019, 20, 2317−2334.
(41) Bassetti, M.; Magnasco, L.; Del Puente, F.; Giacobbe, D. Role of
new antibiotics in the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin-
structure infections. Curr. Opin. Infect. Dis. 2020, 33, 110−120.
(42) Foster, T. J. Can β-lactam antibiotics be resurrected to combat
MRSA? Trends Microbiol. 2019, 27, 26−38.
(43) Campbell, J.; Singh, A. K.; Santa Maria, J. P., Jr.; Kim, Y.; Brown,
S.; Swoboda, J. G.; Mylonakis, E.; Wilkinson, B. J.; Walker, S. Synthetic
lethal compound combinations reveal a fundamental connection
between wall teichoic acid and peptidoglycan biosyntheses in
Staphylococcus aureus. ACS Chem. Biol. 2011, 6, 106−116.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3442

https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz089
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz089
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz089
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz089
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/CMR.00181-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz123
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz123
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz123
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz123
https://dx.doi.org/10.1186/s13059-017-1252-9
https://dx.doi.org/10.1186/s13059-017-1252-9
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2018.01.002
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2018.01.002
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2018.01.002
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02500-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02500-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02500-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02500-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00206-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00206-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00206-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1146/annurev-biochem-060614-034516
https://dx.doi.org/10.1146/annurev-biochem-060614-034516
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics8020052
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics8020052
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41579-018-0147-4
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41579-018-0147-4
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00018-005-5148-6
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00018-005-5148-6
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1462-5822.2012.01832.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/CMR.00120-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/CMR.00120-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.drup.2017.03.001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.drup.2017.03.001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/femsre/fux007
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/femsre/fux007
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/microbiolspec.GPP3-0047-2018
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/microbiolspec.GPP3-0047-2018
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/CMR.00020-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/CMR.00020-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01216-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01216-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01216-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4939-9849-4_1
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4939-9849-4_1
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.54.4.1133
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.54.4.1133
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.54.4.1133
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/0022-2836(71)90393-7
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/0022-2836(71)90393-7
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.74.12.5239
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.74.12.5239
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.98.4.1427
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.98.4.1427
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2004.10.076
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2004.10.076
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2004.10.076
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.6b00448
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi100879m
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi100879m
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi100879m
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi1012222
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi1012222
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi1012222
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2012.07.012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2012.07.012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2012.07.012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.42.1.1
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.42.1.1
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja034861u
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja034861u
https://dx.doi.org/10.1186/1471-2148-8-26
https://dx.doi.org/10.1186/1471-2148-8-26
https://dx.doi.org/10.1186/1471-2148-8-26
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0117874
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0117874
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0117874
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz323
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz323
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz323
https://dx.doi.org/10.1080/14656566.2019.1675637
https://dx.doi.org/10.1080/14656566.2019.1675637
https://dx.doi.org/10.1097/QCO.0000000000000631
https://dx.doi.org/10.1097/QCO.0000000000000631
https://dx.doi.org/10.1097/QCO.0000000000000631
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tim.2018.06.005
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tim.2018.06.005
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/cb100269f
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/cb100269f
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/cb100269f
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/cb100269f
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


(44) Roemer, T.; Boone, C. Systems-level antimicrobial drug and drug
synergy discovery. Nat. Chem. Biol. 2013, 9, 222−231.
(45) Pasquina, L.; Santa Maria, J. P., Jr.; Wood, B. M.; Moussa, S. H.;
Matano, L. M.; Santiago, M.; Martin, S. E. S.; Lee, W.; Meredith, T. C.;
Walker, S. A synthetic lethal approach for compound and target
identification in Staphylococcus aureus. Nat. Chem. Biol. 2016, 12, 40−
45.
(46) Klobucar, K.; Brown, E. D. Use of genetic and chemical synthetic
lethality as probes of complexity in bacterial cell systems. FEMS
Microbiol. Rev. 2018, 42, No. fux054.
(47) Melander, R. J.; Melander, C. Antibiotic adjuvants. Top. Med.
Chem. 2017, 25, 89−118.
(48) Douafer, H.; Andrieu, V.; Phanstiel, O.; Brunel, J. M. Antibiotic
adjuvants: Make antibiotics great again! J. Med. Chem. 2019, 62, 8665−
8880.
(49) Bush, K. Synergistic antibiotic combinations. Top. Med. Chem.
2017, 25, 69−88.
(50) Band, V. I.; Hufnagel, D. A.; Jaggavarapu, S.; Sherman, E. X.;
Wozniak, J. E.; Satola, S. W.; Farley, M. M.; Jacob, J. T.; Burd, E. M.;
Weiss, D. S. Antibiotic combinations that exploit heteroresistance to
multiple drugs effectively control infection. Nat. Microbiol. 2019, 4,
1627−1635.
(51) Nichol, D.; Rutter, J.; Bryant, C.; Hujer, A. M.; Lek, S.; Adams,
M. D.; Jeavons, P.; Anderson, A. R. A.; Bonomo, R. A.; Scott, J. G.
Antibiotic collateral sensitivity is contingent on the repeatability of
evolution. Nat. Commun. 2019, 10, 334.
(52) Tyers, M.; Wright, G. D. Drug combinations: a strategy to extend
the life of antibiotics in the 21st century. Nat. Rev. Microbiol. 2019, 17,
141−155.
(53) Silhavy, T. J.; Kahne, D.; Walker, S. The bacterial cell envelope.
Cold Spring Harbor Perspect. Biol. 2010, 2, No. a000414.
(54) Rajagopal, M.; Walker, S. Envelope structures of Gram-positive
bacteria. Curr. Top. Microbiol. Immunol. 2015, 404, 1−44.
(55) Moormeier, D. E.; Bayles, K. W. Staphylococcus aureus biofilm: a
complex developmental organism.Mol. Microbiol. 2017, 104, 365−376.
(56) Andersson, D. I.; Balaban, N. Q.; Baquero, F.; Courvalin, P.;
Glaser, P.; Gophna, U.; Kishony, R.; Molin, S.; Tønjum, T. Antibiotic
resistance: turning evolutionary principles into clinical reality. FEMS
Microbiol. Rev. 2020, 44, 171−188.
(57) Fisher, R. A.; Gollan, B.; Helaine, S. Persistent bacterial infections
and persister cells. Nat. Rev. Microbiol. 2017, 15, 453−464.
(58) Arandjelovic, P.; Doerflinger, M.; Pellegrini, M. Current and
emerging therapies to combat persistent intracellular pathogens. Curr.
Opin. Pharmacol. 2019, 48, 33−39.
(59) Balaban, N. Q.; Helaine, S.; Lewis, K.; Ackermann, M.; Aldridge,
B.; Andersson, D. I.; Brynildsen, M. P.; Bumann, D.; Camilli, A.;
Collins, J. J.; et al. Definitions and guidelines for research on antibiotic
persistence. Nat. Rev. Microbiol. 2019, 17, 441−448.
(60) García-Betancur, J. C.; Lopez, D. Cell heterogeneity in
staphylococcal communities. J. Mol. Biol. 2019, 431, 4699−4711.
(61) Kuehl, R.; Morata, L.; Meylan, S.; Mensa, J.; Soriano, A. When
antibiotics fail: a clinical and microbiological perspective on antibiotic
tolerance and persistence of Staphylococcus aureus. J. Antimicrob.
Chemother. 2020, 75, 1071−1086.
(62) Tomasz, A. The mechanism of the irreversible antimicrobial
effects of penicillins: how the β-lactam antibiotics kill and lyse bacteria.
Annu. Rev. Microbiol. 1979, 33, 113−137.
(63) Vollmer, W.; Joris, B.; Charlier, P.; Foster, S. Bacterial
peptidoglycan (murein) hydrolases. FEMS Microbiol. Rev. 2008, 32,
259−286.
(64) Flores-Kim, J.; Dobihal, G. S.; Fenton, A.; Rudner, D. Z.;
Bernhardt, T. G. A switch in surface polymer biogenesis triggers
growth-phase-dependent and antibiotic-induced bacteriolysis. eLife
2019, 8, No. e44912.
(65) Walsh, C. T.; Wencewicz, T. Antibiotics: Challenges, Mechanisms,
Opportunities; ASM Press: Washington, DC, 2016; p 477.
(66) Cabeen, M. T.; Jacobs-Wagner, C. Bacterial cell shape. Nat. Rev.
Microbiol. 2005, 3, 601−610.

(67) Young, K. D. Bacterial morphology: why have different shapes?
Curr. Opin. Microbiol. 2007, 10, 596−600.
(68) Young, K. D. Bacterial shape: two-dimensional questions and
possibilities. Annu. Rev. Microbiol. 2010, 64, 223−240.
(69) Yulo, P. R. J.; Hendrickson, H. L. The evolution of spherical cell
shape; progress and perspective. Biochem. Soc. Trans. 2019, 47, 1621−
1634.
(70) Auer, G. K.; Weibel, D. B. Bacterial cell mechanics. Biochemistry
2017, 56, 3710−3724.
(71) Baral, B.; Mozafari, M. R. Strategic moves of “superbugs” against
available chemical scaffolds: signaling, regulation, and challenges. ACS
Pharmacol. Transl. Sci. 2020, 3, 373−400.
(72) Rojas, E. R.; Huang, K. C. Regulation of microbial growth by
turgor pressure. Curr. Opin. Microbiol. 2018, 42, 62−70.
(73) Schuster, C. F.; Wiedemann, D. M.; Kirsebom, F. C. M.;
Santiago, M.; Walker, S.; Gründling, A. High-throughput transposon
sequencing highlights the cell wall as an important barrier for osmotic
stress in methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus and underlines a
tailored response to different osmotic stressors. Mol. Microbiol. 2020,
113, 699−717.
(74) Beveridge, T. J. Use of the Gram stain in microbiology. Biotech.
Histochem. 2001, 76, 111−118.
(75) O’Toole, G. A. Classic spotlight: how the Gram stain works. J.
Bacteriol. 2016, 198, 3128.
(76) Wilhelm, M. J.; Sheffield, J. B.; Sharifian Gh, M.; Wu, Y.; Spahr,
C.; Gonella, G.; Xu, B.; Dai, H.-L. Gram’s stain does not cross the
bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. ACS Chem. Biol. 2015, 10, 1711−
1717.
(77) Keinhörster, D.; George, S. E.; Weidenmaier, C.; Wolz, C.
Function and regulation of Staphylococcus aureuswall teichoic acids and
capsular polysaccharides. Int. J. Med. Microbiol. 2019, 309, 151333.
(78) Schneewind, O.; Missiakas, D. M. Staphylococcal protein
secretion and envelope assembly. Microbiol. Spectr. 2019, 7, GPP3-
0070-2019 DOI: 10.1128/microbiolspec.GPP3-0070-2019.
(79) Li, F.; Zhai, D.; Wu, Z.; Zhao, Y.; Qiao, D.; Zhao, X. Impairment
of the cell wall ligase, LytR-CpsA-Psr protein (LcpC), in methicillin
resistant Staphylococcus aureus reduces Its resistance to antibiotics and
infection in a mouse model of sepsis. Front. Microbiol. 2020, 11, 557.
(80) Rausch, M.; Deisinger, J. P.; Ulm, H.; Müller, A.; Li, W.; Hardt,
P.; Wang, X.; Li, X.; Sylvester, M.; Engeser, M.; et al. Coordination of
capsule assembly and cell wall biosynthesis in Staphylococcus aureus.
Nat. Commun. 2019, 10, 1404.
(81) Sutter, D. E.; Summers, A. M.; Keys, C. E.; Taylor, K. L.; Frasch,
C. E.; Braun, L. E.; Fattom, A. I.; Bash, M. C. Capsular serotype of
Staphylococcus aureus in the era of community-acquired MRSA. FEMS
Immunol. Med. Microbiol. 2011, 63, 16−24.
(82) Boyle-Vavra, S.; Li, X.; Alam,M. T.; Read, T. D.; Sieth, J.; Cywes-
Bentley, C.; Dobbins, G.; David, M. Z.; Kumar, N.; Eells, S. J.; et al.
USA300 and USA500 clonal lineages of Staphylococcus aureus do not
produce a capsular polysaccharide due to conserved mutations in the
cap5 locus. mBio 2015, 6, No. e02585.14.
(83) Daitch, A. K.; Goley, E. D. Uncovering unappreciated activities
and niche functions of bacterial cell wall enzymes. Curr. Biol. 2020, 30,
R1170−R1175.
(84) Mahone, C. R.; Goley, E. D. Bacterial cell division at a glance. J.
Cell Sci. 2020, 133, No. jcs237057.
(85) Egan, A. J. F.; Errington, J.; Vollmer, W. Regulation of
peptidoglycan synthesis and remodelling. Nat. Rev. Microbiol. 2020,
18, 446−460.
(86) Angeles, D. M.; Scheffers, D. J. The cell wall of Bacillus subtilis.
Curr. Issues Mol. Biol. 2021, 41, 539−596.
(87) Matias, V. R. F.; Beveridge, T. J. Native cell wall organization
shown by cryo-electron microscopy confirms the existence of a
periplasmic space in Staphylococcus aureus. J. Bacteriol. 2006, 188,
1011−1021.
(88) Dramsi, S.; Magnet, S.; Davison, S.; Arthur, M. Covalent
attachment of proteins to peptidoglycan. FEMS Microbiol. Rev. 2008,
32, 307−320.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3443

https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.1205
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.1205
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.1967
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.1967
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/femsre/fux054
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/femsre/fux054
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/7355_2017_10
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.8b01781
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.8b01781
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/7355_2017_23
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41564-019-0480-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41564-019-0480-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-018-08098-6
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-018-08098-6
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41579-018-0141-x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41579-018-0141-x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1101/cshperspect.a000414
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/82_2015_5021
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/82_2015_5021
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.13634
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.13634
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/femsre/fuaa001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/femsre/fuaa001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nrmicro.2017.42
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nrmicro.2017.42
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.coph.2019.03.013
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.coph.2019.03.013
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41579-019-0196-3
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41579-019-0196-3
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2019.06.011
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2019.06.011
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkz559
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkz559
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkz559
https://dx.doi.org/10.1146/annurev.mi.33.100179.000553
https://dx.doi.org/10.1146/annurev.mi.33.100179.000553
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6976.2007.00099.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6976.2007.00099.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.44912
https://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.44912
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nrmicro1205
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2007.09.009
https://dx.doi.org/10.1146/annurev.micro.112408.134102
https://dx.doi.org/10.1146/annurev.micro.112408.134102
https://dx.doi.org/10.1042/BST20180634
https://dx.doi.org/10.1042/BST20180634
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.biochem.7b00346
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsptsci.0c00005
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsptsci.0c00005
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2017.10.015
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2017.10.015
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.14433
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.14433
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.14433
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.14433
https://dx.doi.org/10.1080/bih.76.3.111.118
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00726-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acschembio.5b00042
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acschembio.5b00042
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2019.151333
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2019.151333
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/microbiolspec.GPP3-0070-2019
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/microbiolspec.GPP3-0070-2019
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/microbiolspec.GPP3-0070-2019?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2020.00557
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2020.00557
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2020.00557
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2020.00557
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-019-09356-x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-019-09356-x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-695X.2011.00822.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-695X.2011.00822.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.02585-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.02585-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.02585-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cub.2020.07.004
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cub.2020.07.004
https://dx.doi.org/10.1242/jcs.237057
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41579-020-0366-3
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41579-020-0366-3
https://dx.doi.org/10.21775/cimb.041.539
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.188.3.1011-1021.2006
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.188.3.1011-1021.2006
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.188.3.1011-1021.2006
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6976.2008.00102.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6976.2008.00102.x
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


(89) Valvano, M. A. Undecaprenyl phosphate recycling comes out of
age. Mol. Microbiol. 2008, 67, 232−235.
(90) Barreteau, H.; Magnet, S.; El Ghachi, M.; Touze,́ T.; Arthur, M.;
Mengin-Lecreulx, D.; Blanot, D. Quantitative HPLC analysis of the
pool levels of undecaprenyl phosphate and its derivatives in bacterial
membranes. J. Chromatogr. B: Anal. Technol. Biomed. Life Sci. 2009, 877,
213−220.
(91) Weidenmaier, C.; Lee, J. C. Structure and function of surface
polysaccharides of Staphylococcus aureus.Curr. Top. Microbiol. Immunol.
2015, 409, 57−93.
(92) Kawakami, N.; Fujisaki, S. Undecaprenyl phosphate metabolism
in Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria. Biosci., Biotechnol.,
Biochem. 2018, 82, 940−946.
(93)Workman, S. D.; Strynadka, N. C. J. A slippery scaffold: synthesis
and recycling of the bacterial cell wall carrier lipid. J. Mol. Biol. 2020,
432, 4964−4982.
(94) Höltje, J. V. Growth of the stress-bearing and shape-maintaining
murein sacculus of Escherichia coli. Microbiol. Mol. Biol. Rev. 1998, 62,
181−203.
(95) Touhami, A.; Jericho, M. H.; Beveridge, T. J. Atomic force
microscopy of cell growth and division in Staphylococcus aureus. J.
Bacteriol. 2004, 186, 3286−3295.
(96) Dufren̂e, Y. F.; Persat, A. Mechanomicrobiology: how bacteria
sense and respond to forces. Nat. Rev. Microbiol. 2020, 18, 227−240.
(97) Pasquina-Lemonche, L.; Burns, J.; Turner, R. D.; Kumar, S.;
Tank, R.; Mullin, N.; Wilson, J. S.; Chakrabarti, B.; Bullough, P. A.;
Foster, S. J.; et al. The architecture of the Gram-positive bacterial cell
wall. Nature 2020, 582, 294−297.
(98) Wheeler, R.; Turner, R. D.; Bailey, R. G.; Salamaga, B.; Mesnage,
S.; Mohamad, S. A. S.; Hayhurst, E. J.; Horsburgh, M.; Hobbs, J. K.;
Foster, S. J. Bacterial cell elargement requires control of cell wall
stiffness mediated by peptidoglycan hydrolases. mBio 2015, 6,
No. e00660-15.
(99) Breukink, E.; de Kruijff, B. Lipid II as a target for antibiotics.Nat.
Rev. Drug Discovery 2006, 5, 321−323.
(100) Narayan, R. S.; VanNieuwenhze, M. S. Synthesis of Substrates
and Biochemical Probes for Study of the Peptidoglycan Biosynthetic
Pathway. Eur. J. Org. Chem. 2007, 2007, 1399−1414.
(101) van Heijenoort, J. Lipid intermediates in the biosynthesis of
bacterial peptidoglycan. Microbiol. Mol. Biol. Rev. 2007, 71, 620−635.
(102) Müller, A.; Klöckner, A.; Schneider, T. Targeting a cell wall
biosynthesis hot spot. Nat. Prod. Rep. 2017, 34, 909−932.
(103) Medeiros-Silva, J.; Jekhmane, S.; Breukink, E.; Weingarth, M.
Towards the native binding modes of Lipid II targeting antibiotics.
ChemBioChem 2019, 20, 1731−1738.
(104) Kouidmi, I.; Levesque, R. C.; Paradis-Bleau, C. The biology of
Mur ligases as an antibacterial target. Mol. Microbiol. 2014, 94, 242−
253.
(105) Liu, Y.; Breukink, E. The membrane steps of bacterial cell wall
synthesis as antibiotic targets. Antibiotics 2016, 5, 28.
(106) Miyachiro, M. M.; Granato, D.; Trindade, D. M.; Ebel, C.; Paes
Leme, A. F.; Dessen, A. Complex formation between Mur enzymes
from Streptococcus pneumoniae. Biochemistry 2019, 58, 3314−3324.
(107) Munch, D.; Roemer, T.; Lee, S. H.; Engeser, M.; Sahl, H. G.;
Schneider, T. Identification and in vitro analysis of the GatD/MurT
enzyme-complex catalyzing Lipid II amidation in Staphylococcus aureus.
PLoS Pathog. 2012, 8, No. e1002509.
(108) Figueiredo, T. A.; Sobral, R. G.; Ludovice, A.M.; Almeida, J. M.;
Bui, N. K.; Vollmer, W.; Lencastre, H.; Tomasz, A. Identification of
genetic determinants and enzymes involved with the amidation of
glutamic acid residues in the peptidoglycan of Staphylococcus aureus.
PLoS Pathog. 2012, 8, No. e1002508.
(109) Figueiredo, T. A.; Ludovice, A. M.; Sobral, R. G. Contribution
of peptidoglycan amidation to β-lactam and lysozyme resistance in
different genetic lineages of Staphylococcus aureus. Microb. Drug Resist.
2014, 20, 238−249.
(110) Nöldeke, E. R.; Muckenfuss, L. M.; Niemann, V.; Müller, A.;
Störk, E.; Zocher, G.; Schneider, T.; Stehle, T. Structural basis of cell

wall peptidoglycan amidation by the GatD/MurT complex of
Staphylococcus aureus. Sci. Rep. 2018, 8, 12953.
(111) Gonca̧lves, B. V.; Portela, R.; Lobo, R.; Figueiredo, T. A.; Grilo,
I. R.; Ludovice, A. M.; de Lencastre, H.; Dias, J. S.; Sobral, R. G. Role of
MurT C-terminal domain in the amidation of Staphylococcus aureus
peptidoglycan. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2019, 63, No. e00957-19.
(112) de Jonge, B. L. M.; Sidow, T.; Chang, Y. S.; Labischinski, H.;
Berger-Bachi, B.; Gage, D. A.; Tomasz, A. Altered muropeptide
composition in Staphylococcus aureus strains with an inactivated femA
locus. J. Bacteriol. 1993, 175, 2779−2782.
(113) Vollmer, W. Structural variation in the glycan strands of
bacterial peptidoglycan. FEMS Microbiol. Rev. 2008, 32, 287−306.
(114) De Benedetti, S.; Fisher, J. F.; Mobashery, S. Bacterial Cell Wall:
Morphology and Biochemistry. Chapter 18. Practical Handbook of
Microbiology, Fourth Edition; 2021, pp 167−204.
(115) Schneider, T.; Senn, M. M.; Berger-Bachi, B.; Tossi, A.; Sahl, H.
G.; Wiedemann, I. In vitro assembly of a complete, pentaglycine
interpeptide bridge containing cell wall precursor (Lipid II-Gly5) of
Staphylococcus aureus. Mol. Microbiol. 2004, 53, 675−685.
(116) RajBhandary, U. L.; Söll, D. Aminoacyl-tRNAs, the bacterial cell
envelope, and antibiotics. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2008, 105,
5285−5286.
(117) Dare, K.; Ibba, M. Roles of tRNA in cell wall biosynthesis.
WIRES RNA 2012, 3, 247−264.
(118) de Lencastre, H.; Wu, S. W.; Pinho, M. G.; Ludovice, A. M.;
Filipe, S.; Gardete, S.; Sobral, R.; Gill, S.; Chung, M.; Tomasz, A.
Antibiotic resistance as a stress response: complete sequencing of a
large number of chromosomal loci in Staphylococcus aureus strain COL
that impact on the expression of resistance to methicillin.Microb. Drug
Resist. 1999, 5, 163−175.
(119) Tschierske, M.; Mori, C.; Rohrer, S.; Ehlert, K.; Shaw, K. J.;
Berger-Bac̈hi, B. Identification of three additional femAB-like open
reading frames in Staphylococcus aureus. FEMS Microbiol. Lett. 1999,
171, 97−102.
(120) Stranden, A. M.; Ehlert, K.; Labischinski, H.; Berger-Bachi, B.
Cell wall monoglycine cross-bridges and methicillin hypersusceptibility
in a femAB null mutant of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. J.
Bacteriol. 1997, 179, 9−16.
(121) Hubscher, J.; Jansen, A.; Kotte, O.; Schafer, J.; Majcherczyk, P.
A.; Harris, L. G.; Bierbaum, G.; Heinemann,M.; Berger-Bachi, B. Living
with an imperfect cell wall: compensation of femAB inactivation in
Staphylococcus aureus. BMC Genomics 2007, 8, 307.
(122) Sharif, S.; Kim, S. J.; Labischinski, H.; Chen, J.; Schaefer, J.
Uniformity of glycyl bridge lengths in the mature cell walls of fem
mutants of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. J. Bacteriol. 2013,
195, 1421−1427.
(123) Monteiro, J. M.; Covas, G.; Rausch, D.; Filipe, S. R.; Schneider,
T.; Sahl, H. G.; Pinho, M. G. The pentaglycine bridges of Staphylococcus
aureus peptidoglycan are essential for cell integrity. Sci. Rep. 2019, 9,
5010.
(124) Willing, S.; Dyer, E.; Schneewind, O.; Missiakas, D. FmhA and
FmhC of Staphylococcus aureus incorporate serine residues into
peptidoglycan cross-bridges. J. Biol. Chem. 2020, 295, 13664−13676.
(125) Koyama, N.; Inokoshi, J.; Tomoda, H. Anti-infectious agents
against MRSA. Molecules 2013, 18, 204−224.
(126) Roemer, T.; Schneider, T.; Pinho, M. G. Auxiliary factors: a
chink in the armor of MRSA resistance to β-lactam antibiotics. Curr.
Opin. Microbiol. 2013, 16, 538−548.
(127) Tomoda, H. New approaches to drug discovery for combating
MRSA. Chem. Pharm. Bull. 2016, 64, 104−111.
(128) Hartley, M. D.; Imperiali, B. At the membrane frontier: A
prospectus on the remarkable evolutionary conservation of polyprenols
and polyprenyl-phosphates. Arch. Biochem. Biophys. 2012, 517, 83−97.
(129) Lukose, V.; Walvoort, M. T. C.; Imperiali, B. Bacterial
phosphoglycosyl transferases: initiators of glycan biosynthesis at the
membrane interface. Glycobiology 2017, 27, 820−833.
(130) Eichler, J.; Imperiali, B. Stereochemical divergence of
polyprenol phosphate glycosyltransferases. Trends Biochem. Sci. 2018,
43, 10−17.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3444

https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2007.06052.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2007.06052.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jchromb.2008.12.010
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jchromb.2008.12.010
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jchromb.2008.12.010
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/82_2015_5018
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/82_2015_5018
https://dx.doi.org/10.1080/09168451.2017.1401915
https://dx.doi.org/10.1080/09168451.2017.1401915
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2020.03.025
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2020.03.025
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/MMBR.62.1.181-203.1998
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/MMBR.62.1.181-203.1998
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.186.11.3286-3295.2004
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.186.11.3286-3295.2004
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41579-019-0314-2
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41579-019-0314-2
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41586-020-2236-6
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41586-020-2236-6
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.00660-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.00660-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nrd2004
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/ejoc.200600750
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/ejoc.200600750
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/ejoc.200600750
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/MMBR.00016-07
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/MMBR.00016-07
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C7NP00012J
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C7NP00012J
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cbic.201800796
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.12758
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.12758
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics5030028
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics5030028
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.biochem.9b00277
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.biochem.9b00277
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1002509
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1002509
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1002508
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1002508
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1002508
https://dx.doi.org/10.1089/mdr.2014.0042
https://dx.doi.org/10.1089/mdr.2014.0042
https://dx.doi.org/10.1089/mdr.2014.0042
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-018-31098-x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-018-31098-x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-018-31098-x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00957-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00957-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00957-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.175.9.2779-2782.1993
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.175.9.2779-2782.1993
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.175.9.2779-2782.1993
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6976.2007.00088.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6976.2007.00088.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2004.04149.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2004.04149.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2004.04149.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0801193105
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0801193105
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/wrna.1108
https://dx.doi.org/10.1089/mdr.1999.5.163
https://dx.doi.org/10.1089/mdr.1999.5.163
https://dx.doi.org/10.1089/mdr.1999.5.163
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6968.1999.tb13417.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6968.1999.tb13417.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.179.1.9-16.1997
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.179.1.9-16.1997
https://dx.doi.org/10.1186/1471-2164-8-307
https://dx.doi.org/10.1186/1471-2164-8-307
https://dx.doi.org/10.1186/1471-2164-8-307
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.01471-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.01471-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-019-41461-1
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-019-41461-1
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.RA120.014371
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.RA120.014371
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.RA120.014371
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/molecules18010204
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/molecules18010204
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2013.06.012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2013.06.012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1248/cpb.c15-00743
https://dx.doi.org/10.1248/cpb.c15-00743
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.abb.2011.10.018
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.abb.2011.10.018
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.abb.2011.10.018
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/glycob/cwx064
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/glycob/cwx064
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/glycob/cwx064
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tibs.2017.10.008
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tibs.2017.10.008
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


(131) Caffalette, C. A.; Kuklewicz, J.; Spellmon, N.; Zimmer, J.
Biosynthesis and export of bacterial glycolipids. Annu. Rev. Biochem.
2020, 89, 741−768.
(132) Manat, G.; Roure, S.; Auger, R.; Bouhss, A.; Barreteau, H.;
Mengin-Lecreulx, D.; Touze,́ T. Deciphering the metabolism of
undecaprenyl-phosphate: The bacterial cell-wall unit carrier at the
membrane frontier. Microb. Drug Resist. 2014, 20, 199−214.
(133) Teng, K. H.; Liang, P. H. Structures, mechanisms and inhibitors
of undecaprenyl diphosphate synthase: A cis-prenyltransferase for
bacterial peptidoglycan biosynthesis. Bioorg. Chem. 2012, 43, 51−57.
(134) Lee, Y. H.; Helmann, J. D. Reducing the level of undecaprenyl
pyrophosphate synthase has complex effects on susceptibility to cell
wall antibiotics. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2013, 57, 4267−4275.
(135) Radeck, J.; Lautenschlag̈er, N.; Mascher, T. The essential UPP
phosphatase pair BcrC and UppP connects cell wall homeostasis during
growth and sporulation with cell envelope stress response in Bacillus
subtilis. Front. Microbiol. 2017, 8, 2403.
(136) Mashalidis, E. H.; Lee, S. Y. Structures of bacterial MraY and
human GPT provide insights into rational antibiotic design. J. Mol. Biol.
2020, 432, 4946−4963.
(137) Bouhss, A.; Mengin-Lecreulx, D.; Le Beller, D.; Van Heijenoort,
J. Topological analysis of the MraY protein catalysing the first
membrane step of peptidoglycan synthesis. Mol. Microbiol. 1999, 34,
576−585.
(138)Mann, P. A.; Muller, A.; Xiao, L.; Pereira, P.M.; Yang, C.; Lee, S.
H.; Wang, H.; Trzeciak, J.; Schneeweis, J.; Dos Santos, M. M.; et al.
Murgocil is a highly bioactive Staphylococcal-specific inhibitor of the
peptidoglycan glycosyltransferase enzyme MurG. ACS Chem. Biol.
2013, 8, 2442−2451.
(139) Balibar, C. J.; Shen, X.; Tao, J. The mevalonate pathway of
Staphylococcus aureus. J. Bacteriol. 2009, 191, 851−861.
(140) Zhu, W.; Zhang, Y.; Sinko, W.; Hensler, M. E.; Olson, J.;
Molohon, K. J.; Lindert, S.; Cao, R.; Li, K.; Wang, K.; et al. Antibacterial
drug leads targeting isoprenoid biosynthesis. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S.
A. 2013, 110, 123−128.
(141) Danley, D. E.; Baima, E. T.; Mansour, M.; Fennell, K. F.;
Chrunyk, B. A.; Mueller, J. P.; Liu, S.; Qiu, X. Discovery and structural
characterization of an allosteric inhibitor of bacterial cis-prenyltransfer-
ase. Protein Sci. 2015, 24, 20−26.
(142) Jukic, M.; Rozm̌an, K.; Gobec, S. Recent advances in the
development of undecaprenyl pyrophosphate synthase inhibitors as
potential antibacterials. Curr. Med. Chem. 2016, 23, 464−482.
(143) Concha, N.; Huang, J.; Bai, X.; Benowitz, A.; Brady, P.; Grady,
L. C.; Kryn, L. H.; Holmes, D.; Ingraham, K.; Jin, Q.; et al. Discovery
and characterization of a class of pyrazole inhibitors of bacterial
undecaprenyl pyrophosphate synthase. J. Med. Chem. 2016, 59, 7299−
7304.
(144) Desai, J.; Wang, Y.; Wang, K.; Malwal, S. R.; Oldfield, E.
Isoprenoid biosynthesis inhibitors targeting bacterial cell growth.
ChemMedChem 2016, 11, 2205−2215.
(145) Matsumoto, Y.; Yasukawa, J.; Ishii, M.; Hayashi, Y.; Miyazaki,
S.; Sekimizu, K. A critical role of mevalonate for peptidoglycan synthesis
in Staphylococcus aureus. Sci. Rep. 2016, 6, 22894.
(146) Farha, M. A.; Czarny, T. L.; Myers, C. L.; Worrall, L. J.; French,
S.; Conrady, D. G.; Wang, Y.; Oldfield, E.; Strynadka, N. C.; Brown, E.
D. Antagonism screen for inhibitors of bacterial cell wall biogenesis
uncovers an inhibitor of undecaprenyl diphosphate synthase. Proc. Natl.
Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2015, 112, 11048−11053.
(147) Inokoshi, J.; Nakamura, Y.; Komada, S.; Komatsu, K.;
Umeyama, H.; Tomoda, H. Inhibition of bacterial undecaprenyl
pyrophosphate synthase by small fungal molecules. J. Antibiot. 2016, 69,
798−805.
(148) Malwal, S. R.; Chen, L.; Hicks, H.; Qu, F.; Liu, W.; Shillo, A.;
Law, W. X.; Zhang, J.; Chandnani, N.; Han, X.; et al. Discovery of
lipophilic bisphosphonates that target bacterial cell wall and quinone
biosynthesis. J. Med. Chem. 2019, 62, 2564−2581.
(149) Wang, Y.; Desai, J.; Zhang, Y.; Malwal, S. R.; Shin, C. J.; Feng,
X.; Sun, H.; Liu, G.; Guo, R. T.; Oldfield, E. Bacterial cell growth

inhibitors targeting undecaprenyl diphosphate synthase and undecap-
renyl diphosphate phosphatase. ChemMedChem 2016, 11, 2311−2319.
(150) Mohammad, H.; Younis, W.; Chen, L.; Peters, C. E.; Pogliano,
J.; Pogliano, K.; Cooper, B. R.; Zhang, J.; Mayhoub, A. S.; Oldfield, E.;
et al. Phenylthiazole antibacterial agents targeting cell wall synthesis
exhibit potent activity In vitro and In vivo against vancomycin-resistant
Enterococci. J. Med. Chem. 2017, 60, 2425−2438.
(151) Workman, S. D.; Worrall, L. J.; Strynadka, N. C. J. Crystal
structure of an intramembranal phosphatase central to bacterial cell-
wall peptidoglycan biosynthesis and lipid recycling. Nat. Commun.
2018, 9, 1159.
(152) Fer, M. J.; Bouhss, A.; Patraõ, M.; Le Corre, L.; Pietrancosta, N.;
Amoroso, A.; Joris, B.; Mengin-Lecreulx, D.; Calvet-Vitale, S.; Gravier-
Pelletier, C. 5′-Methylene-triazole-substituted-aminoribosyl uridines as
MraY inhibitors: synthesis, biological evaluation and molecular
modeling. Org. Biomol. Chem. 2015, 13, 7193−7222.
(153) Koppermann, S.; Ducho, C. Natural products at work:
Structural insights into inhibition of the bacterial membrane protein
MraY. Angew. Chem., Int. Ed. 2016, 55, 11722−11724.
(154) Chen, K. T.; Chen, P. T.; Lin, C. K.; Huang, L. Y.; Hu, C. M.;
Chang, Y. F.; Hsu, H. T.; Cheng, T. J.; Wu, Y. T.; Cheng, W. C.
Structural investigation of Park’s nucleotide on bacterial translocase
MraY: discovery of unexpected MraY inhibitors. Sci. Rep. 2016, 6,
31579.
(155) Hakulinen, J. K.; Hering, J.; Bran̈deń, G.; Chen, H.; Snijder, A.;
Ek, M.; Johansson, P. MraY-antibiotic complex reveals details of
tunicamycin mode of action. Nat. Chem. Biol. 2017, 13, 265−267.
(156) Hering, J.; Dunevall, E.; Ek, M.; Bran̈deń, G. Structural basis for
selective inhibition of antibacterial target MraY, a membrane-bound
enzyme involved in peptidoglycan synthesis. Drug Discovery Today
2018, 23, 1426.
(157) Patel, B.; Ryan, P.;Makwana, V.; Zunk,M.; Rudrawar, S.; Grant,
G. Caprazamycins: promising lead structures acting on a novel
antibacterial target MraY. Eur. J. Med. Chem. 2019, 171, 462−474.
(158) Yamamoto, K.; Katsuyama, A.; Ichikawa, S. Structural
requirement of tunicamycin V for MraY inhibition. Bioorg. Med.
Chem. 2019, 27, 1714−1719.
(159) Mohammadi, T.; Karczmarek, A.; Crouvoisier, M.; Bouhss, A.;
Mengin-Lecreulx, D.; den Blaauwen, T. The essential peptidoglycan
glycosyltransferase MurG forms a complex with proteins involved in
lateral envelope growth as well as with proteins involved in cell division
in Escherichia coli. Mol. Microbiol. 2007, 65, 1106−1121.
(160) Münch, D.; Müller, A.; Schneider, T.; Kohl, B.; Wenzel, M.;
Bandow, J. E.; Maffioli, S.; Sosio, M.; Donadio, S.; Wimmer, R.; et al.
The lantibiotic NAI-107 binds to bactoprenol-bound cell wall
precursors and impairs membrane functions. J. Biol. Chem. 2014, 289,
12063−12076.
(161) Laddomada, F.; Miyachiro,M.M.; Jessop,M.; Patin, D.; Job, V.;
Mengin-Lecreulx, D.; Le Roy, A.; Ebel, C.; Breyton, C.; Gutsche, I.;
et al. The MurG glycosyltransferase provides an oligomeric scaffold for
the cytoplasmic steps of peptidoglycan biosynthesis in the human
pathogen Bordetella pertussis. Sci. Rep. 2019, 9, 4656.
(162) Bugg, T. D. H. Nucleoside natural product antibiotics targetting
microbial cell wall biosynthesis. Top. Med. Chem. 2017, 26, 1−26.
(163) Bugg, T. D. H.; Kerr, R. V. Mechanism of action of nucleoside
antibacterial natural product antibiotics. J. Antibiot. 2019, 72, 865−876.
(164) Wiker, F.; Hauck, N.; Grond, S.; Gust, B. Caprazamycins:
biosynthesis and structure activity relationship studies. Int. J. Med.
Microbiol. 2019, 309, 319−324.
(165) Mashalidis, E. H.; Kaeser, B.; Terasawa, Y.; Katsuyama, A.;
Kwon, D. Y.; Lee, K.; Hong, J.; Ichikawa, S.; Lee, S. Y. Chemical logic of
MraY inhibition by antibacterial nucleoside natural products. Nat.
Commun. 2019, 10, 2917.
(166) Heib, A.; Niro, G.; Weck, S. C.; Koppermann, S.; Ducho, C.
Muraymycin nucleoside antibiotics: SAR for variations in the
nucleoside unit. Molecules 2020, 25, 22.
(167) Shaaly, A.; Kalamorz, F.; Gebhard, S.; Cook, G. M.
Undecaprenyl pyrophosphate phosphatase confers low-level resistance

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3445

https://dx.doi.org/10.1146/annurev-biochem-011520-104707
https://dx.doi.org/10.1089/mdr.2014.0035
https://dx.doi.org/10.1089/mdr.2014.0035
https://dx.doi.org/10.1089/mdr.2014.0035
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bioorg.2011.09.004
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bioorg.2011.09.004
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bioorg.2011.09.004
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00794-13
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00794-13
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00794-13
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2017.02403
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2017.02403
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2017.02403
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2017.02403
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2020.03.017
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2020.03.017
https://dx.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-2958.1999.01623.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-2958.1999.01623.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/cb400487f
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/cb400487f
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.01357-08
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.01357-08
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1219899110
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1219899110
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/pro.2579
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/pro.2579
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/pro.2579
https://dx.doi.org/10.2174/0929867323666151231094854
https://dx.doi.org/10.2174/0929867323666151231094854
https://dx.doi.org/10.2174/0929867323666151231094854
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.6b00746
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.6b00746
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.6b00746
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cmdc.201600343
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/srep22894
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/srep22894
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1511751112
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1511751112
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2016.35
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2016.35
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.8b01878
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.8b01878
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.8b01878
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cmdc.201600342
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cmdc.201600342
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cmdc.201600342
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.6b01780
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.6b01780
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.6b01780
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-018-03547-8
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-018-03547-8
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-018-03547-8
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C5OB00707K
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C5OB00707K
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C5OB00707K
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/anie.201606396
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/anie.201606396
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/anie.201606396
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/srep31579
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/srep31579
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.2270
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.2270
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.drudis.2018.05.020
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.drudis.2018.05.020
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.drudis.2018.05.020
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejmech.2019.01.071
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejmech.2019.01.071
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmc.2019.02.035
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmc.2019.02.035
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2007.05851.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2007.05851.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2007.05851.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2007.05851.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M113.537449
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M113.537449
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-019-40966-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-019-40966-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-019-40966-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/7355_2017_4
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/7355_2017_4
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41429-019-0227-3
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41429-019-0227-3
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2019.05.004
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2019.05.004
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-019-10957-9
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-019-10957-9
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/molecules25010022
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/molecules25010022
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkt048
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


to bacitracin in Enterococcus faecalis. J. Antimicrob. Chemother. 2013, 68,
1583−1593.
(168) Zhao, H.; Sun, Y.; Peters, J. M.; Gross, C. A.; Garner, E. C.;
Helmann, J. D. Depletion of undecaprenyl pyrophosphate phospha-
tases disrupts cell envelope biogenesis in Bacillus subtilis. J. Bacteriol.
2016, 198, 2925−2935.
(169) Sugimoto, A.; Maeda, A.; Itto, K.; Arimoto, H. Deciphering the
mode of action of cell wall-inhibiting antibiotics using metabolic
labeling of growing peptidoglycan in Streptococcus pyogenes. Sci. Rep.
2017, 7, 1129.
(170) MacCain, W. J.; Kannan, S.; Jameel, D. Z.; Troutman, J. M.;
Young, K. D. A defective undecaprenyl pyrophosphate synthase induces
growth and morphological defects that are suppressed by mutations in
the isoprenoid pathway of Escherichia coli. J. Bacteriol. 2018, 200,
No. e00255-18.
(171) Jorgenson, M. A.; MacCain, W. J.; Meberg, B. M.; Kannan, S.;
Bryant, J. C.; Young, K. D. Simultaneously inhibiting undecaprenyl
phosphate production and peptidoglycan synthases promotes rapid
lysis in Escherichia coli. Mol. Microbiol. 2019, 112, 233−248.
(172) Lam, Y. C.; Crawford, J. M. Discovering antibiotics from the
global microbiome. Nat. Microbiol. 2018, 3, 392−393.
(173) Grein, F.; Schneider, T.; Sahl, H. G. Docking on Lipid IIa
widespread mechanism for potent bactericidal activities of antibiotic
peptides. J. Mol. Biol. 2019, 431, 3520−3530.
(174) Tan, S.; Ludwig, K. C.; Müller, A.; Schneider, T.; Nodwell, J. R.
The lasso peptide siamycin-I targets lipid II at the Gram-positive cell
surface. ACS Chem. Biol. 2019, 14, 966−974.
(175) Tan, S.; Moore, G.; Nodwell, J. Put a bow on it: knotted
antibiotics take center stage. Antibiotics 2019, 8, 117.
(176) Chiorean, S.; Antwi, I.; Carney, D. W.; Kotsogianni, I.; Giltrap,
A. M.; Alexander, F. M.; Cochrane, S. A.; Payne, R. J.; Martin, N. I.;
Henninot, A.; et al. Dissecting the binding interactions of teixobactin
with the bacterial cell-wall precursor Lipid II. ChemBioChem 2020, 21,
789−792.
(177) Karas, J. A.; Chen, F.; Schneider-Futschik, E. K.; Kang, Z.;
Hussein, M.; Swarbrick, J.; Hoyer, D.; Giltrap, A. M.; Payne, R. J.; Li, J.;
et al. Synthesis and structure-activity relationships of teixobactin. Ann.
N. Y. Acad. Sci. 2020, 1459, 86−105.
(178) Kobras, C. M.; Piepenbreier, H.; Emenegger, J.; Sim, A.; Fritz,
G.; Gebhard, S. BceAB-type antibiotic resistance transporters appear to
act by target protection of cell wall synthesis. Antimicrob. Agents
Chemother. 2020, 64, No. e02241-19.
(179) Vemula, H.; Ayon, N. J.; Burton, A.; Gutheil, W. G. Antibiotic
effects on methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus cytoplasmic
peptidoglycan intermediate levels and evidence for potential metabolite
level regulatory loops. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2017, 61,
No. e02253-16.
(180) Piepenbreier, H.; Diehl, A.; Fritz, G. Minimal exposure of lipid
II cycle intermediates triggers cell wall antibiotic resistance. Nat.
Commun. 2019, 10, 2733.
(181) Bugg, T. D. H.; Braddick, D.; Dowson, C. G.; Roper, D. I.
Bacterial cell wall assembly: still an attractive antibacterial target.Trends
Biotechnol. 2011, 29, 167−173.
(182) Schneider, T.; Sahl, H.-G. An oldie but a goodiecell wall
biosynthesis as antibiotic target pathway. Int. J. Med. Microbiol. 2010,
300, 161−169.
(183) Nikolaidis, I.; Favini-Stabile, S.; Dessen, A. Resistance to
antibiotics targeted to the bacterial cell wall. Protein Sci. 2014, 23, 243−
259.
(184) Sarkar, P.; Yarlagadda, V.; Ghosh, C.; Haldar, J. A review on cell
wall synthesis inhibitors with an emphasis on glycopeptide antibiotics.
MedChemComm 2017, 8, 516−533.
(185) Kuhn, A. The bacterial cell wall and membranea treasure
chest for antibiotic targets. Subcell. Biochem. 2019, 92, 1−5.
(186) Evans, J. J.; Bolz, D. D. Regulation of virulence and antibiotic
resistance in Gram-positive microbes in response to cell wall-active
antibiotics. Curr. Opin. Infect. Dis. 2019, 32, 217−222.

(187) Hanson, B. R.; Neely, M. N. Coordinate regulation of Gram-
positive cell surface components. Curr. Opin. Microbiol. 2012, 15, 204−
210.
(188) Do, T.; Page, J. E.; Walker, S. Uncovering the activities,
biological roles, and regulation of bacterial cell wall hydrolases and
tailoring enzymes. J. Biol. Chem. 2020, 295, 3347−3361.
(189) Sassine, J.; Sousa, J.; Lalk, M.; Daniel, R. A.; Vollmer, W. Cell
morphology maintenance in Bacillus subtilis through balanced
peptidoglycan synthesis and hydrolysis. Sci. Rep. 2020, 10, 17910.
(190)Waxman, D. J.; Strominger, J. L. Penicillin-binding proteins and
the mechanism of action of β-lactam antibiotics. Annu. Rev. Biochem.
1983, 52, 825−869.
(191) Cochrane, S. A.; Lohans, C. T. Breaking down the cell wall:
strategies for antibiotic discovery targeting bacterial transpeptidases.
Eur. J. Med. Chem. 2020, 194, 112262.
(192) Pucci, M. J.; Dougherty, T. J. Direct quantitation of the numbers
of individual penicillin-binding proteins per cell in Staphylococcus
aureus. J. Bacteriol. 2002, 184, 588−591.
(193) Spratt, B. G. The 2011 Garrod Lecture: From penicillin-binding
proteins to molecular epidemiology. J. Antimicrob. Chemother. 2012, 67,
1578−1588.
(194) Kocaoglu, O.; Carlson, E. E. Profiling of β-lactam selectivity for
penicillin-binding proteins in Escherichia coli strain DC2. Antimicrob.
Agents Chemother. 2015, 59, 2785−2790.
(195) Kocaoglu, O.; Tsui, H.-C. T.; Winkler, M. E.; Carlson, E. E.
Profiling of β-lactam selectivity for penicillin-binding proteins in
Streptococcus pneumoniae D39. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2015, 59,
3548−3555.
(196) Sutaria, D. S.; Moya, B.; Green, K. B.; Kim, T. H.; Tao, X.; Jiao,
Y.; Louie, A.; Drusano, G. L.; Bulitta, J. B. First penicillin-binding
protein occupancy patterns of β-lactams and β-lactamase inhibitors in
Klebsiella pneumoniae. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2018, 62,
No. e00282-18.
(197) Sharifzadeh, S.; Brown, N. W.; Shirley, J. D.; Bruce, K. E.;
Winkler, M. E.; Carlson, E. E. Chemical tools for selective activity
profiling of bacterial penicillin-binding proteins. Methods Enzymol.
2020, 638, 27−55.
(198) Sharifzadeh, S.; Dempwolff, F.; Kearns, D. B.; Carlson, E. E.
Harnessing β-lactam antibiotics for illumination of the activity of
penicillin-binding proteins in Bacillus subtilis. ACS Chem. Biol. 2020, 15,
1242−1251.
(199) Szwedziak, P.; Lowe, J. Do the divisome and elongasome share a
common evolutionary past? Curr. Opin. Microbiol. 2013, 16, 745−751.
(200) Laddomada, F.; Miyachiro, M. M.; Dessen, A. Structural
Insights into protein-protein interactions involved in bacterial cell wall
biogenesis. Antibiotics 2016, 5, 14.
(201) Straume, D.; Piechowiak, K. W.; Olsen, S.; Stamsås, G. A.; Berg,
K. H.; Kjos, M.; Heggenhougen, M. V.; Alcorlo, M.; Hermoso, J. A.;
Håvarstein, L. S. Class A PBPs have a distinct and unique role in the
construction of the pneumococcal cell wall. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A.
2020, 117, 6129−6138.
(202) Srisuknimit, V.; Qiao, Y.; Schaefer, K.; Kahne, D.; Walker, S.
Peptidoglycan cross-lnking preferences of Staphylococcus aureus
penicillin-binding proteins have implications for treating MRSA
infections. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2017, 139, 9791−9794.
(203) Taguchi, A.; Kahne, D.; Walker, S. Chemical tools to
characterize peptidoglycan synthases. Curr. Opin. Chem. Biol. 2019,
53, 44−50.
(204) Vollmer, W.; Seligman, S. J. Architecture of peptidoglycan:
more data and more models. Trends Microbiol. 2010, 18, 59−66.
(205) Reed, P.; Atilano, M. L.; Alves, R.; Hoiczyk, E.; Sher, X.;
Reichmann, N. T.; Pereira, P.M.; Roemer, T.; Filipe, S. R.; Pereira-Leal,
J. B.; et al. Staphylococcus aureus survives with a minimal peptidoglycan
synthesis machine but sacrifices virulence and antibiotic resistance.
PLoS Pathog. 2015, 11, No. e1004891.
(206) Sobral, R.; Tomasz, A. The staphylococcal cell wall. Microbiol.
Spectrum 2019, 7, GPP3-0068.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3446

https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkt048
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00507-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00507-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-017-01267-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-017-01267-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-017-01267-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00255-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00255-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00255-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.14265
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.14265
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.14265
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41564-018-0135-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41564-018-0135-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2019.05.014
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2019.05.014
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2019.05.014
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acschembio.9b00157
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acschembio.9b00157
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics8030117
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics8030117
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cbic.201900504
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cbic.201900504
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/nyas.14282
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02241-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02241-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02253-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02253-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02253-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02253-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-019-10673-4
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-019-10673-4
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tibtech.2010.12.006
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2009.10.005
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2009.10.005
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/pro.2414
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/pro.2414
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C6MD00585C
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C6MD00585C
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-18768-2_1
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-18768-2_1
https://dx.doi.org/10.1097/QCO.0000000000000542
https://dx.doi.org/10.1097/QCO.0000000000000542
https://dx.doi.org/10.1097/QCO.0000000000000542
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2011.12.011
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2011.12.011
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.REV119.010155
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.REV119.010155
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.REV119.010155
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-74609-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-74609-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-74609-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1146/annurev.bi.52.070183.004141
https://dx.doi.org/10.1146/annurev.bi.52.070183.004141
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejmech.2020.112262
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejmech.2020.112262
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.184.2.588-591.2002
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.184.2.588-591.2002
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.184.2.588-591.2002
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dks109
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dks109
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.04552-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.04552-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.05142-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.05142-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00282-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00282-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00282-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/bs.mie.2020.02.015
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/bs.mie.2020.02.015
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acschembio.9b00977
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acschembio.9b00977
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2013.09.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2013.09.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics5020014
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics5020014
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics5020014
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1917820117
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1917820117
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.7b04881
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.7b04881
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.7b04881
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cbpa.2019.07.009
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cbpa.2019.07.009
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tim.2009.12.004
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tim.2009.12.004
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1004891
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1004891
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/microbiolspec.GPP3-0068-2019
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


(207) Ruiz, N. Bioinformatics identification of MurJ (MviN) as the
peptidoglycan lipid II flippase in Escherichia coli. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.
S. A. 2008, 105, 15553−15557.
(208) Monteiro, J. M.; Pereira, A. R.; Reichmann, N. T.; Saraiva, B.
M.; Fernandes, P. B.; Veiga, H.; Tavares, A. C.; Santos, M.; Ferreira, M.
T.; Macaŕio, V.; et al. Peptidoglycan synthesis drives an FtsZ-
treadmilling-independent step of cytokinesis. Nature 2018, 554, 528−
532.
(209) Rubino, F. A.; Kumar, S.; Ruiz, N.; Walker, S.; Kahne, D.
Membrane potential is required for MurJ function. J. Am. Chem. Soc.
2018, 140, 4481−4484.
(210) Kuk, A. C. Y.; Hao, A.; Guan, Z.; Lee, S. Y. Visualizing
conformation transitions of the Lipid II flippase MurJ. Nat. Commun.
2019, 10, 1736.
(211) Sjodt, M.; Rohs, P. D. A.; Gilman, M. S. A.; Erlandson, S. C.;
Zheng, S.; Green, A. G.; Brock, K. P.; Taguchi, A.; Kahne, D.; Walker,
S.; et al. Structural coordination of polymerization and crosslinking by a
SEDS-bPBP peptidoglycan synthase complex. Nat. Microbiol. 2020, 5,
813−820.
(212) Barrows, J. M.; Goley, E. D. FtsZ dynamics in bacterial division:
What, how, and why? Curr. Opin. Cell Biol. 2021, 68, 163−172.
(213) Pinho, M. G.; Kjos, M.; Veening, J. W. How to get (a)round:
mechanisms controlling growth and division of coccoid bacteria. Nat.
Rev. Microbiol. 2013, 11, 601−614.
(214) Zhou, X.; Halladin, D. K.; Rojas, E. R.; Koslover, E. F.; Lee, T.
K.; Huang, K. C.; Theriot, J. A. Mechanical crack propagation drives
millisecond daughter cell separation in Staphylococcus aureus. Science
2015, 348, 574−578.
(215) Monteiro, J. M.; Fernandes, P. B.; Vaz, F.; Pereira, A. R.;
Tavares, A. C.; Ferreira, M. T.; Pereira, P. M.; Veiga, H.; Kuru, E.;
VanNieuwenhze, M. S.; et al. Cell shape dynamics during the
staphylococcal cell cycle. Nat. Commun. 2015, 6, 8055.
(216) Pinho, M. G.; Errington, J. Dispersed mode of Staphylococcus
aureus cell wall synthesis in the absence of the division machinery.Mol.
Microbiol. 2003, 50, 871−881.
(217) Eswara, P. J.; Brzozowski, R. S.; Viola, M. G.; Graham, G.;
Spanoudis, C.; Trebino, C.; Jha, J.; Aubee, J. I.; Thompson, K. M.;
Camberg, J. L.; et al. An essential Staphylococcus aureus cell division
protein directly regulates FtsZ dynamics. eLife 2018, 7, No. e38856.
(218) Haranahalli, K.; Tong, S.; Ojima, I. Recent advances in the
discovery and development of antibacterial agents targeting the cell-
division protein FtsZ. Bioorg. Med. Chem. 2016, 24, 6354−6369.
(219) Hurley, K. A.; Santos, T. M.; Nepomuceno, G. M.; Huynh, V.;
Shaw, J. T.; Weibel, D. B. Targeting the bacterial division protein FtsZ.
J. Med. Chem. 2016, 59, 6975−6998.
(220) Kusuma, K. D.; Payne, M.; Ung, A. T.; Bottomley, A. L.; Harry,
E. J. FtsZ as an antibacterial target: status and guidelines for progressing
this avenue. ACS Infect. Dis. 2019, 5, 1279−1294.
(221) Tripathy, S.; Sahu, S. K. FtsZ inhibitors as a new genera of
antibacterial agents. Bioorg. Chem. 2019, 91, 103169.
(222) Casiraghi, A.; Suigo, L.; Valoti, E.; Straniero, V. Targeting
bacterial cell division: a binding site-centered approach to the most
promising inhibitors of the essential protein FtsZ. Antibiotics 2020, 9,
69.
(223) Tan, C. M.; Therien, A. G.; Lu, J.; Lee, S. H.; Caron, A.; Gill, C.
J.; Lebeau-Jacob, C.; Benton-Perdomo, L.; Monteiro, J. M.; Pereira, P.
M.; et al. Restoring methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus
susceptibility to β-lactam antibiotics. Sci. Transl. Med. 2012, 4, 126ra35.
(224) Chan, F. Y.; Sun, N.; Leung, Y. C.; Wong, K. Y. Antimicrobial
activity of a quinuclidine-based FtsZ inhibitor and its synergistic
potential with β-lactam antibiotics. J. Antibiot. 2015, 68, 253−258.
(225)Nair, D. R.;Monteiro, J. M.;Memmi, G.; Thanassi, J.; Pucci, M.;
Schwartzman, J.; Pinho, M. G.; Cheung, A. L. Characterization of a
novel small molecule that potentiates β-lactam activity against Gram-
positive and Gram-negative pathogens. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother.
2015, 59, 1876−1885.
(226) Ferrer-Gonzaĺez, E.; Kaul, M.; Parhi, A. K.; LaVoie, E. J.; Pilch,
D. S. β-Lactam antibiotics with a high affinity for PBP2 act
synergistically with the FtsZ-targeting agent TXA707 against

methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Antimicrob. Agents Chemo-
ther. 2017, 61, No. e00863-17.
(227) Lui, H. K.; Gao, W.; Cheung, K. C.; Jin, W. B.; Sun, N.; Kan, J.
W. Y.; Wong, I. L. K.; Chiou, J.; Lin, D.; Chan, E. W. C.; et al. Boosting
the efficacy of anti-MRSA β-lactam antibiotics via an easily accessible,
non-cytotoxic and orally bioavailable FtsZ inhibitor. Eur. J. Med. Chem.
2019, 163, 95−115.
(228) Saraiva, B. M.; Sorg, M.; Pereira, A. R.; Ferreira, M. J.; Caulat, L.
C.; Reichmann, N. T.; Pinho, M. G. Reassessment of the distinctive
geometry of Staphylococcus aureus cell division.Nat. Commun. 2020, 11,
4097.
(229) Turner, R. D.; Ratcliffe, E. C.; Wheeler, R.; Golestanian, R.;
Hobbs, J. K.; Foster, S. J. Peptidoglycan architecture can specify division
planes in Staphylococcus aureus. Nat. Commun. 2010, 1, 1025.
(230) Kochan, K.; Perez-Guaita, D.; Pissang, J.; Jiang, J. H.; Peleg, A.
Y.; McNaughton, D.; Heraud, P.; Wood, B. R. In vivo atomic force
microscopy-infrared spectroscopy of bacteria. J. R. Soc., Interface 2018,
15, 20180115.
(231) Viljoen, A.; Foster, S. J.; Fantner, G. E.; Hobbs, J. K.; Dufren̂e, Y.
F. Scratching the surface: bacterial cell envelopes at the nanoscale.mBio
2020, 11, No. e03020-19.
(232) Lund, V. A.;Wacnik, K.; Turner, R. D.; Cotterell, B. E.; Walther,
C. G.; Fenn, S. J.; Grein, F.; Wollman, A. J.; Leake, M. C.; Olivier, N.;
et al. Molecular coordination of Staphylococcus aureus cell division. eLife
2018, 7, No. e32057.
(233) Amako, K.; Umeda, A.; Murata, K. Arrangement of
peptidoglycan in the cell wall of Staphylococcus spp. J. Bacteriol. 1982,
150, 844−850.
(234) Su, H. N.; Li, K.; Zhao, L. S.; Yuan, X. X.; Zhang, M. Y.; Liu, S.
M.; Chen, X. L.; Liu, L. N.; Zhang, Y. Z. Structural visualization of
septum formation in Staphylococcus warneri using atomic force
microscopy. J. Bacteriol. 2020, 202, No. e00294-20.
(235) Matias, V. R. F.; Beveridge, T. J. Cryo-electron microscopy of
cell division in Staphylococcus aureus reveals a mid-zone between
nascent cross walls. Mol. Microbiol. 2007, 64, 195−206.
(236) Lovering, A. L.; Safadi, S. S.; Strynadka, N. C. J. Structural
perspective of peptidoglycan biosynthesis and assembly. Annu. Rev.
Biochem. 2012, 81, 451−478.
(237) Bailey, R. G.; Turner, R. D.; Mullin, N.; Clarke, N.; Foster, S. J.;
Hobbs, J. K. The interplay between cell wall mechanical properties and
the cell cycle in Staphylococcus aureus. Biophys. J. 2014, 107, 2538−
2545.
(238) Waxman, D. J.; Yocum, R. R.; Strominger, J. L. Penicillins and
cephalosporins are active site-directed acylating agents: evidence in
support of the substrate analogue hypothesis. Philos. Trans. R. Soc.
London B 1980, 289, 257−271.
(239) Lee, M.; Hesek, D.; Suvorov, M.; Lee, W.; Vakulenko, S.;
Mobashery, S. A mechanism-based inhibitor targeting the DD-
transpeptidase activity of bacterial penicillin-binding proteins. J. Am.
Chem. Soc. 2003, 125, 16322−16326.
(240) Fisher, J. F.; Mobashery, S. The β-lactam (azetidin-2-one) as a
privileged ring in medicinal chemistry. Privileged Scaffolds in Medicinal
Chemistry: Design, Synthesis, Evaluation (RSC Drug Discovery Series No.
50) 2016, 64−97.
(241) Adediran, S. A.; Kumar, I.; Pratt, R. F. Deacylation transition
states of a bacterial DD-peptidase. Biochemistry 2006, 45, 13074−
13082.
(242) Josephine, H. R.; Charlier, P.; Davies, C.; Nicholas, R. A.; Pratt,
R. F. Reactivity of penicillin-binding proteins with peptidoglycan-
mimetic β-lactams: What’s wrong with these enzymes? Biochemistry
2006, 45, 15873−15883.
(243) Scheffers, D. J.; Pinho, M. G. Bacterial cell wall synthesis: new
insights from localization studies. Microbiol. Mol. Biol. Rev. 2005, 69,
585−607.
(244) Pinho, M. G.; de Lencastre, H.; Tomasz, A. Cloning,
characterization, and inactivation of the gene pbpC, encoding
penicillin-binding protein 3 of Staphylococcus aureus. J. Bacteriol.
2000, 182, 1074−1079.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3447

https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0808352105
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0808352105
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature25506
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature25506
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.8b00942
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-019-09658-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-019-09658-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41564-020-0687-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41564-020-0687-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ceb.2020.10.013
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ceb.2020.10.013
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nrmicro3088
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nrmicro3088
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/science.aaa1511
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/science.aaa1511
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms9055
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms9055
https://dx.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-2958.2003.03719.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-2958.2003.03719.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.38856
https://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.38856
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmc.2016.05.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmc.2016.05.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmc.2016.05.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.5b01098
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsinfecdis.9b00055
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsinfecdis.9b00055
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bioorg.2019.103169
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bioorg.2019.103169
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9020069
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9020069
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9020069
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/scitranslmed.3003592
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/scitranslmed.3003592
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2014.140
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2014.140
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2014.140
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.04164-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.04164-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.04164-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00863-17
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00863-17
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00863-17
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejmech.2018.11.052
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejmech.2018.11.052
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejmech.2018.11.052
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-020-17940-9
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-020-17940-9
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms1025
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms1025
https://dx.doi.org/10.1098/rsif.2018.0115
https://dx.doi.org/10.1098/rsif.2018.0115
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.03020-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.32057
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.150.2.844-850.1982
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.150.2.844-850.1982
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00294-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00294-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00294-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2007.05634.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2007.05634.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2007.05634.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1146/annurev-biochem-061809-112742
https://dx.doi.org/10.1146/annurev-biochem-061809-112742
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bpj.2014.10.036
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bpj.2014.10.036
https://dx.doi.org/10.1098/rstb.1980.0044
https://dx.doi.org/10.1098/rstb.1980.0044
https://dx.doi.org/10.1098/rstb.1980.0044
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja038445l
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja038445l
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/9781782622246-00064
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/9781782622246-00064
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi061341d
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi061341d
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi061804f
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi061804f
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/MMBR.69.4.585-607.2005
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/MMBR.69.4.585-607.2005
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.182.4.1074-1079.2000
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.182.4.1074-1079.2000
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.182.4.1074-1079.2000
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


(245) Reichmann, N. T.; Tavares, A. C.; Saraiva, B. M.; Jousselin, A.;
Reed, P.; Pereira, A. R.; Monteiro, J. M.; Sobral, R. G.; VanNieuwenhze,
M. S.; Fernandes, F.; et al. SEDS-bPBP pairs direct lateral and septal
peptidoglycan synthesis in Staphylococcus aureus. Nat. Microbiol. 2019,
4, 1368−1377.
(246) Sjodt, M.; Brock, K.; Dobihal, G.; Rohs, P. D. A.; Green, A. G.;
Hopf, T. A.; Meeske, A. J.; Srisuknimit, V.; Kahne, D.; Walker, S.; et al.
Structure of the peptidoglycan polymerase RodA resolved by
evolutionary coupling analysis. Nature 2018, 556, 118−121.
(247) Davies, T. A.; Page, M. G. P.; Shang, W.; Andrew, T.; Kania, M.;
Bush, K. Binding of ceftobiprole and comparators to the penicillin-
binding proteins of Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staph-
ylococcus aureus, and Streptococcus pneumoniae. Antimicrob. Agents
Chemother. 2007, 51, 2621−2624.
(248) Kosowska-Shick, K.; McGhee, P. L.; Appelbaum, P. C. Affinity
of ceftaroline and other β-lactams for penicillin-binding proteins from
Staphylococcus aureus and Streptococcus pneumoniae. Antimicrob. Agents
Chemother. 2010, 54, 1670−1677.
(249) Chadwick, S. G.; Prasad, A.; Smith, W. L.; Mordechai, E.;
Adelson, M. E.; Gygax, S. E. Detection of epidemic USA300
community-associated MRSA strains using a single allele-specific
PCR targeting a novel polymorphism of Staphylococcus aureus pbp3. J.
Clin. Microbiol. 2013, 51, 2541−2550.
(250) Lahiri, S. D.; Alm, R. A. Identification of non-PBP2a resistance
mechanisms in Staphylococcus aureus after serial passage with
ceftaroline: involvement of other PBPs. J. Antimicrob. Chemother.
2016, 71, 3050−3057.
(251) Pereira, S. F.; Henriques, A. O.; Pinho, M. G.; de Lencastre, H.;
Tomasz, A. Role of PBP1 in cell division of Staphylococcus aureus. J.
Bacteriol. 2007, 189, 3525−3531.
(252) Pereira, S. F.; Henriques, A. O.; Pinho, M. G.; de Lencastre, H.;
Tomasz, A. Evidence for a dual role of PBP1 in the cell division and cell
separation of Staphylococcus aureus.Mol. Microbiol. 2009, 72, 895−904.
(253) Welsh, M. A.; Schaefer, K.; Taguchi, A.; Kahne, D.; Walker, S.
Direction of chain growth and substrate preferences of shape,
elongation, division, and sporulation-family peptidoglycan glycosyl-
transferases. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2019, 141, 12994−12997.
(254) Taguchi, A.; Welsh, M. A.; Marmont, L. S.; Lee, W.; Sjodt, M.;
Kruse, A. C.; Kahne, D.; Bernhardt, T. G.; Walker, S. FtsW is a
peptidoglycan polymerase that is functional only in complex with its
cognate penicillin-binding protein. Nat. Microbiol. 2019, 4, 587−594.
(255) Lovering, A. L.; de Castro, L. H.; Lim, D.; Strynadka, N. C.
Structural insight into the transglycosylation step of bacterial cell-wall
biosynthesis. Science 2007, 315, 1402−1405.
(256) Qiao, Y.; Srisuknimit, V.; Rubino, F.; Schaefer, K.; Ruiz, N.;
Walker, S.; Kahne, D. Lipid II overproduction allows direct assay of
transpeptidase inhibition by β-lactams.Nat. Chem. Biol. 2017, 13, 793−
798.
(257) Pinho, M. G.; Errington, J. Recruitment of penicillin-binding
protein PBP2 to the division site of Staphylococcus aureus is dependent
on its transpeptidation substrates. Mol. Microbiol. 2005, 55, 799−807.
(258) Navratna, V.; Nadig, S.; Sood, V.; Prasad, K.; Arakere, G.;
Gopal, B. Molecular basis for the role of Staphylococcus aureus Penicillin
Binding Protein 4 in antimicrobial resistance. J. Bacteriol. 2010, 192,
134−144.
(259) Alexander, J. A. N.; Chatterjee, S. S.; Hamilton, S. M.; Eltis, L.
D.; Chambers, H. F.; Strynadka, N. C. J. Structural and kinetic analyses
of penicillin-binding protein 4 (PBP4)-mediated antibiotic resistance in
Staphylococcus aureus. J. Biol. Chem. 2018, 293, 19854−19865.
(260) de Jonge, B. L. M.; Chang, Y. S.; Gage, D.; Tomasz, A.
Peptidoglycan composition in heterogeneous Tn551 mutants of a
methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus strain. J. Biol. Chem. 1992,
267, 11255−11259.
(261) Sieradzki, K.; Pinho, M. G.; Tomasz, A. Inactivated pbp4 in
highly glycopeptide-resistant laboratory mutants of Staphylococcus
aureus. J. Biol. Chem. 1999, 274, 18942−18946.
(262) Maya-Martinez, R.; Alexander, J. A. N.; Otten, C. F.; Ayala, I.;
Vollmer, D.; Gray, J.; Bougault, C. M.; Burt, A.; Laguri, C.; Fonvielle,

M.; et al. Recognition of peptidoglycan fragments by the transpeptidase
PBP4 from Staphylococcus aureus. Front. Microbiol. 2019, 9, 3223.
(263) Loskill, P.; Pereira, P. M.; Jung, P.; Bischoff, M.; Herrmann, M.;
Pinho, M. G.; Jacobs, K. Reduction of the peptidoglycan crosslinking
causes a decrease in stiffness of the Staphylococcus aureus cell envelope.
Biophys. J. 2014, 107, 1082−1089.
(264) Stogios, P. J.; Savchenko, A. Molecular mechanisms of
vancomycin resistance. Protein Sci. 2020, 29, 654−669.
(265) Rekharsky, M.; Hesek, D.; Lee, M.; Meroueh, S. O.; Inoue, Y.;
Mobashery, S. Thermodynamics of interactions of vancomycin and
synthetic surrogates of bacterial cell wall. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2006, 128,
7736−7737.
(266)Wu, Z.-C.; Isley, N. A.; Okano, A.; Weiss, W. J.; Boger, D. L. C1-
CBP-vancomycin: impact of a vancomycin C-terminus trimethylam-
monium cation on pharmacological properties and insights into Its
newly introduced mechanism of action. J. Org. Chem. 2020, 85, 1365−
1375.
(267) Gardete, S.; Tomasz, A. Mechanisms of vancomycin resistance
in Staphylococcus aureus. J. Clin. Invest. 2014, 124, 2836−2840.
(268) Finan, J. E.; Archer, G. L.; Pucci, M. J.; Climo, M. W. Role of
penicillin-binding protein 4 in expression of vancomycin resistance
among clinical isolates of oxacillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2001, 45, 3070−3075.
(269) Sieradzki, K.; Tomasz, A. Alterations of cell wall structure and
metabolism accompany reduced susceptibility to vancomycin in an
isogenic series of clinical isolates of Staphylococcus aureus. J. Bacteriol.
2003, 185, 7103−7110.
(270) Argudín, M. A.; Roisin, S.; Nienhaus, L.; Dodeḿont, M.; de
Mendonca̧, R.; Nonhoff, C.; Deplano, A.; Denis, O. Genetic diversity
among Staphylococcus aureus isolates showing oxacillin and/or cefoxitin
resistance not linked to the presence of mec genes. Antimicrob. Agents
Chemother. 2018, 62, No. e00091-18.
(271) Chan, L. C.; Gilbert, A.; Basuino, L.; da Costa, T. M.; Hamilton,
S. M.; dos Santos, K. R.; Chambers, H. F.; Chatterjee, S. S. PBP4
mediates high-level resistance to new-generation cephalosporins in
Staphylococcus aureus. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2016, 60, 3934−
3941.
(272) Hamilton, S. M.; Alexander, J. A. N.; Choo, E. J.; Basuino, L.; da
Costa, T. M.; Severin, A.; Chung, M.; Aedo, S.; Strynadka, N. C. J.;
Tomasz, A.; et al. High-level resistance of Staphylococcus aureus to β-
lactam antibiotics mediated by penicillin-binding protein 4 (PBP4).
Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2017, 61, No. e02727-16.
(273) Basuino, L.; Jousselin, A.; Alexander, J. A. N.; Strynadka, N. C.
J.; Pinho, M. G.; Chambers, H. F.; Chatterjee, S. S. PBP4 activity and its
overexpression are necessary for PBP4-mediated high-level β-lactam
resistance. J. Antimicrob. Chemother. 2018, 73, 1177−1180.
(274) Memmi, G.; Filipe, S. R.; Pinho, M. G.; Fu, Z.; Cheung, A.
Staphylococcus aureus PBP4 is essential for β-lactam resistance in
community-acquired methicillin-resistant strains. Antimicrob. Agents
Chemother. 2008, 52, 3955−3966.
(275) Leski, T. A.; Tomasz, A. Role of penicillin-binding protein 2
(PBP2) in the antibiotic susceptibility and cell wall cross-linking of
Staphylococcus aureus: evidence for the cooperative functioning of
PBP2, PBP4, and PBP2A. J. Bacteriol. 2005, 187, 1815−1824.
(276) Ba, X.; Kalmar, L.; Hadjirin, N. F.; Kerschner, H.; Apfalter, P.;
Morgan, F. J.; Paterson, G. K.; Girvan, S. L.; Zhou, R.; Harrison, E. M.;
et al. Truncation of GdpP mediates β-lactam resistance in clinical
isolates of Staphylococcus aureus. J. Antimicrob. Chemother. 2019, 74,
1182−1191.
(277) Greninger, A. L.; Chatterjee, S. S.; Chan, L. C.; Hamilton, S. M.;
Chambers, H. F.; Chiu, C. Y. Whole-genome sequencing of methicillin-
resistant Staphylococcus aureus resistant to fifth-generation cephalospor-
ins reveals potential non-mecA mechanisms of resistance. PLoS One
2016, 11, No. e0149541.
(278) Asli, A.; Brouillette, E.; Krause, K. M.; Nichols, W.W.; Malouin,
F. Distinctive binding of avibactam to penicillin-binding proteins of
Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria. Antimicrob. Agents Chemo-
ther. 2016, 60, 752−756.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3448

https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41564-019-0437-2
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41564-019-0437-2
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature25985
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature25985
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00029-07
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00029-07
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00029-07
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00019-10
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00019-10
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00019-10
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JCM.00417-13
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JCM.00417-13
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JCM.00417-13
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkw282
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkw282
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkw282
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00044-07
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2009.06687.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2009.06687.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.9b06358
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.9b06358
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.9b06358
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41564-018-0345-x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41564-018-0345-x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41564-018-0345-x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/science.1136611
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/science.1136611
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.2388
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.2388
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2004.04420.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2004.04420.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2004.04420.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00822-09
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00822-09
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.RA118.004952
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.RA118.004952
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.RA118.004952
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.274.27.18942
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.274.27.18942
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.274.27.18942
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2018.03223
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2018.03223
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bpj.2014.07.029
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bpj.2014.07.029
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/pro.3819
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/pro.3819
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja061828+
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja061828+
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.joc.9b02314
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.joc.9b02314
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.joc.9b02314
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.joc.9b02314
https://dx.doi.org/10.1172/JCI68834
https://dx.doi.org/10.1172/JCI68834
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.45.11.3070-3075.2001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.45.11.3070-3075.2001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.45.11.3070-3075.2001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.185.24.7103-7110.2003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.185.24.7103-7110.2003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.185.24.7103-7110.2003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00091-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00091-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00091-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00358-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00358-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00358-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02727-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02727-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkx531
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkx531
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkx531
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00049-08
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00049-08
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.187.5.1815-1824.2005
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.187.5.1815-1824.2005
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.187.5.1815-1824.2005
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.187.5.1815-1824.2005
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkz013
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkz013
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0149541
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0149541
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0149541
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02102-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02102-15
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


(279) da Costa, T.M.; de Oliveira, C. R.; Chambers, H. F.; Chatterjee,
S. S. PBP4: A new perspective on Staphylococcus aureus β-lactam
Resistance. Microorganisms 2018, 6, 57.
(280) Boneca, I. G.; Xu, N.; Gage, D. A.; de Jonge, B. L. M.; Tomasz,
A. Structural characterization of an abnormally cross-linked muropep-
tide dimer that is accumulated in the peptidoglycan of methicillin- and
cefotaxime-resistant mutants of Staphylococcus aureus. J. Biol. Chem.
1997, 272, 29053−29059.
(281) Atilano, M. L.; Pereira, P. M.; Yates, J.; Reed, P.; Veiga, H.;
Pinho, M. G.; Filipe, S. R. Teichoic acids are temporal and spatial
regulators of peptidoglycan cross-linking in Staphylococcus aureus. Proc.
Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2010, 107, 18991−18996.
(282) Farha, M. A.; Leung, A.; Sewell, E. W.; D’Elia, M. A.; Allison, S.
E.; Ejim, L.; Pereira, P. M.; Pinho, M. G.; Wright, G. D.; Brown, E. D.
Inhibition of WTA synthesis blocks the cooperative action of PBPs and
sensitizes MRSA to β-lactams. ACS Chem. Biol. 2013, 8, 226−233.
(283) Hill, M. A.; Lam, A. K.; Reed, P.; Harney, M. C.; Wilson, B. A.;
Moen, E. L.; Wright, S. N.; Pinho, M. G.; Rice, C. V. BPEI-induced
delocalization of PBP4 potentiates β-lactams against MRSA. Bio-
chemistry 2019, 58, 3813−3822.
(284) Lam, A. K.; Panlilio, H.; Pusavat, J.; Wouters, C. L.; Moen, E. L.;
Neel, A. J.; Rice, C. V. Low-molecular-weight branched polyethyleni-
mine potentiates ampicillin against MRSA biofilms. ACS Med. Chem.
Lett. 2020, 11, 473−478.
(285) Lam, A. K.; Panlilio, H.; Pusavat, J.; Wouters, C. L.; Moen, E. L.;
Brennan, R. E.; Rice, C. V. Expanding the spectrum of antibiotics
capable of killing multidrug-resistant Staphylococcus aureus and
Pseudomonas aeruginosa. ChemMedChem 2020, 15, 1421−1428.
(286) Sewell, E. W. C.; Brown, E. D. Taking aim at wall teichoic acid
synthesis: new biology and new leads for antibiotics. J. Antibiot. 2014,
67, 43−51.
(287) Hsu, Y.-P.; Rittichier, J.; Kuru, E.; Yablonowski, J.; Pasciak, E.;
Tekkam, S.; Hall, E.; Murphy, B.; Lee, T. K.; Garner, E. C.; et al. Full
color palette of fluorescent D-amino acids for in situ labeling of bacterial
cell walls. Chem. Sci. 2017, 8, 6313−6321.
(288) Radkov, A. D.; Hsu, Y. P.; Booher, G.; VanNieuwenhze, M. S.
Imaging bacterial cell wall biosynthesis. Annu. Rev. Biochem. 2018, 87,
991−1014.
(289) Hsu, Y. P.; Booher, G.; Egan, A.; Vollmer, W.; VanNieuwenhze,
M. S. D-Amino acid derivatives as in situ probes for visualizing bacterial
peptidoglycan biosynthesis. Acc. Chem. Res. 2019, 52, 2713−2722.
(290) Hsu, Y. P.; Hall, E.; Booher, G.; Murphy, B.; Radkov, A. D.;
Yablonowski, J.; Mulcahey, C.; Alvarez, L.; Cava, F.; Brun, Y. V.; et al.
Fluorogenic D-amino acids enable real-time monitoring of peptidogly-
can biosynthesis and high-throughput transpeptidation assays. Nat.
Chem. 2019, 11, 335−341.
(291) Kuru, E.; Radkov, A.; Meng, X.; Egan, A.; Alvarez, L.; Dowson,
A.; Booher, G.; Breukink, E.; Roper, D. I.; Cava, F.; et al. Mechanisms of
incorporation for D-amino acid probes that target peptidoglycan
biosynthesis. ACS Chem. Biol. 2019, 14, 2745−2756.
(292)Gautam, S.; Kim, T.; Howell, R.; Spiegel, D. A. Fluorescent stem
peptide mimics: In situ probes for peptidoglycan crosslinking.Methods
Enzymol. 2020, 638, 57−67.
(293) Nelson, J. W.; Chamessian, A. G.; McEnaney, P. J.; Murelli, R.
P.; Kazmiercak, B. I.; Spiegel, D. A. A biosynthetic strategy for re-
engineering the Staphylococcus aureus cell wall with non-native small
molecules. ACS Chem. Biol. 2010, 5, 1147−1155.
(294) Gautam, S.; Kim, T.; Spiegel, D. A. Chemical probes reveal an
extraseptal mode of cross-linking in Staphylococcus aureus. J. Am. Chem.
Soc. 2015, 137, 7441−7447.
(295) Gautam, S.; Kim, T.; Shoda, T.; Sen, S.; Deep, D.; Luthra, R.;
Ferreira, M. T.; Pinho, M. G.; Spiegel, D. A. An activity-based probe for
sudying crosslinking in live bacteria. Angew. Chem., Int. Ed. 2015, 54,
10492−10496.
(296) Aedo, S.; Tomasz, A. Role of the stringent stress response in the
antibiotic resistance phenotype of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus
aureus. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2016, 60, 2311−2317.
(297) Fuda, C.; Suvorov, M.; Shi, Q.; Hesek, D.; Lee, M.; Mobashery,
S. Shared functional attributes between the mecA gene product of

Staphylococcus sciuri and penicillin-binding protein 2a of methicillin-
resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Biochemistry 2007, 46, 8050−8057.
(298) Pinho, M. G.; Filipe, S. R.; de Lencastre, H.; Tomasz, A.
Complementation of the essential peptidoglycan transpeptidase
function of penicillin-binding protein 2 (PBP2) by the drug resistance
protein PBP2A in Staphylococcus aureus. J. Bacteriol. 2001, 183, 6525−
6531.
(299) Rolo, J.; Worning, P.; Nielsen, J. B.; Sobral, R.; Bowden, R.;
Bouchami, O.; Damborg, P.; Guardabassi, L.; Perreten, V.; Westh, H.;
et al. Evidence for the evolutionary steps leading to mecA-mediated β-
lactam resistance in staphylococci. PLoS Genet. 2017, 13,
No. e1006674.
(300) Shalaby, M.-A. W.; Dokla, E. M. E.; Serya, R. A. T.; Abouzid, K.
A. M. Penicillin binding protein 2a: An overview and a medicinal
chemistry perspective. Eur. J. Med. Chem. 2020, 199, 112312.
(301) Paulin, S.; Jamshad, M.; Dafforn, T. R.; Garcia-Lara, J.; Foster,
S. J.; Galley, N. F.; Roper, D. I.; Rosado, H.; Taylor, P. W. Surfactant-
free purification of membrane protein complexes from bacteria:
application to the staphylococcal penicillin-binding protein complex
PBP2/PBP2a. Nanotechnology 2014, 25, 285101.
(302) van der Es, D.; Hogendorf, W. F.; Overkleeft, H. S.; van der
Marel, G. A.; Codeé, J. D. Teichoic acids: synthesis and applications.
Chem. Soc. Rev. 2017, 46, 1464−1482.
(303) Sutcliffe, I. C. Exposing a chink in the armor of methicillin-
resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2012, 109,
18637−18638.
(304) Schaffer, C.; Messner, P. The structure of secondary cell wall
polymers: how Gram-positive bacteria stick their cell walls together.
Microbiology 2005, 151, 643−651.
(305) Weidenmaier, C.; Peschel, A. Teichoic acids and related cell-
wall glycopolymers in Gram-positive physiology and host interactions.
Nat. Rev. Microbiol. 2008, 6, 276−287.
(306) Xia, G.; Kohler, T.; Peschel, A. The wall teichoic acid and
lipoteichoic acid polymers of Staphylococcus aureus. Int. J. Med.
Microbiol. 2010, 300, 148−154.
(307) Brown, S.; SantaMaria, J. P., Jr.;Walker, S.Wall teichoic acids of
Gram-positive bacteria. Annu. Rev. Microbiol. 2013, 67, 313−336.
(308) Siegel, S. D.; Liu, J.; Ton-That, H. Biogenesis of the Gram-
positive bacterial cell envelope. Curr. Opin. Microbiol. 2016, 34, 31−37.
(309) Caveney, N. A.; Li, F. K. K.; Strynadka, N. C. Enzyme structures
of the bacterial peptidoglycan and wall teichoic acid biogenesis
pathways. Curr. Opin. Struct. Biol. 2018, 53, 45−58.
(310) Bæk, K. T.; Bowman, L.; Millership, C.; Dupont Søgaard, M.;
Kaever, V.; Siljamak̈i, P.; Savijoki, K.; Varmanen, P.; Nyman, T. A.;
Gründling, A.; et al. The cell wall polymer lipoteichoic acid becomes
nonessential in Staphylococcus aureus cells lacking the ClpX chaperone.
mBio 2016, 7, No. e01228-16.
(311) D’Elia, M. A.; Pereira, M. P.; Chung, Y. S.; Zhao, W.; Chau, A.;
Kenney, T. J.; Sulavik, M. C.; Black, T. A.; Brown, E. D. Lesions in
teichoic acid biosynthesis in Staphylococcus aureus lead to a lethal gain of
function in the otherwise dispensable pathway. J. Bacteriol. 2006, 188,
4183−4189.
(312) vanDalen, R.; Peschel, A.; van Sorge, N.M.Wall teichoic acid in
Staphylococcus aureus host interaction. Trends Microbiol. 2020, 28, 869.
(313) Pasquina, L. W.; Santa Maria, J. P.; Walker, S. Teichoic acid
biosynthesis as an antibiotic target. Curr. Opin. Microbiol. 2013, 16,
531−537.
(314) Sutterlin, H. A.; Malinverni, J. C.; Lee, S. H.; Balibar, C. J.;
Roemer, T. Antibacterial new target discovery: sentinel examples,
strategies, and surveying success. Top. Med. Chem. 2017, 25, 1−30.
(315) Naclerio, G. A.; Karanja, C. W.; Opoku-Temeng, C.; Sintim, H.
O. Antibacterial small molecules that potently inhibit Staphylococcus
aureus lipoteichoic acid biosynthesis. ChemMedChem 2019, 14, 1000−
1004.
(316) Formstone, A.; Carballido-Lopez, R.; Noirot, P.; Errington, J.;
Scheffers, D. J. Localization and interactions of teichoic acid synthetic
enzymes in Bacillus subtilis. J. Bacteriol. 2008, 190, 1812−1821.
(317) D’Elia, M. A.; Millar, K. E.; Bhavsar, A. P.; Tomljenovic, A. M.;
Hutter, B.; Schaab, C.; Moreno-Hagelsieb, G.; Brown, E. D. Probing

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3449

https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/microorganisms6030057
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/microorganisms6030057
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.272.46.29053
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.272.46.29053
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.272.46.29053
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1004304107
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1004304107
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/cb300413m
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/cb300413m
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.biochem.9b00523
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.biochem.9b00523
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsmedchemlett.9b00595
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsmedchemlett.9b00595
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cmdc.202000239
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cmdc.202000239
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cmdc.202000239
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2013.100
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2013.100
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C7SC01800B
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C7SC01800B
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C7SC01800B
https://dx.doi.org/10.1146/annurev-biochem-062917-012921
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.accounts.9b00311
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.accounts.9b00311
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41557-019-0217-x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41557-019-0217-x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acschembio.9b00664
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acschembio.9b00664
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acschembio.9b00664
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/bs.mie.2020.02.016
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/bs.mie.2020.02.016
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/cb100195d
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/cb100195d
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/cb100195d
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.5b02972
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.5b02972
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/anie.201503869
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/anie.201503869
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02697-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02697-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02697-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi7004587
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi7004587
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi7004587
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.183.22.6525-6531.2001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.183.22.6525-6531.2001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.183.22.6525-6531.2001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1006674
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pgen.1006674
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejmech.2020.112312
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejmech.2020.112312
https://dx.doi.org/10.1088/0957-4484/25/28/285101
https://dx.doi.org/10.1088/0957-4484/25/28/285101
https://dx.doi.org/10.1088/0957-4484/25/28/285101
https://dx.doi.org/10.1088/0957-4484/25/28/285101
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C6CS00270F
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1216817109
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1216817109
https://dx.doi.org/10.1099/mic.0.27749-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1099/mic.0.27749-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nrmicro1861
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nrmicro1861
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2009.10.001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2009.10.001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1146/annurev-micro-092412-155620
https://dx.doi.org/10.1146/annurev-micro-092412-155620
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2016.07.015
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2016.07.015
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.sbi.2018.05.002
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.sbi.2018.05.002
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.sbi.2018.05.002
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.01228-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.01228-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00197-06
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00197-06
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00197-06
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tim.2020.07.001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tim.2020.07.001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2013.06.014
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2013.06.014
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/7355_2016_31
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/7355_2016_31
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cmdc.201900053
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cmdc.201900053
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.01394-07
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.01394-07
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2009.04.009
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


teichoic acid genetics with bioactive molecules reveals new interactions
among diverse processes in bacterial cell wall biogenesis. Chem. Biol.
2009, 16, 548−556.
(318) Gale, R. T.; Sewell, E. W.; Garrett, T. A.; Brown, E. D.
Reconstituting poly(glycerol phosphate) wall teichoic acid biosynthesis
in vitro using authentic substrates. Chem. Sci. 2014, 5, 3823−3830.
(319) Meredith, T. C.; Swoboda, J. G.; Walker, S. Late-stage
polyribitol phosphate wall teichoic acid biosynthesis in Staphylococcus
aureus. J. Bacteriol. 2008, 190, 3046−3056.
(320) Brown, S.; Meredith, T.; Swoboda, J.; Walker, S. Staphylococcus
aureus and Bacillus subtilis W23 make polyribitol wall teichoic acids
using different enzymatic pathways. Chem. Biol. 2010, 17, 1101−1110.
(321) Schirner, K.; Stone, L. K.; Walker, S. ABC transporters required
for export of wall teichoic acids do not discriminate between different
main chain polymers. ACS Chem. Biol. 2011, 6, 407−412.
(322)Walter, A.; Unsleber, S.; Rismondo, J.; Jorge, A. M.; Peschel, A.;
Gründling, A.; Mayer, C. Phosphoglycerol-type wall- and lipoteichoic
acids are enantiomeric polymers differentiated by the stereospecific
glycerophosphodiesterase GlpQ. J. Biol. Chem. 2020, 295, 4024−4034.
(323) Chen, L.; Hou, W.-T.; Fan, T.; Liu, B.; Pan, T.; Li, Y.-H.; Jiang,
Y.-L.; Wen, W.; Chen, Z.-P.; Sun, L.; et al. Cryo-electron microscopy
structure and transport mechanism of a wall teichoic acid ABC
transporter. mBio 2020, 11, No. e02749-19.
(324) Gale, R. T.; Li, F. K. K.; Sun, T.; Strynadka, N. C. J.; Brown, E.
D. B. subtilis LytR-CpsA-Psr enzymes transfer wall teichoic acids from
authentic Lipid-linked substrates to mature peptidoglycan in vitro. Cell
Chem. Biol. 2017, 24, 1537−1546.
(325) Kawai, Y.; Marles-Wright, J.; Cleverley, R. M.; Emmins, R.;
Ishikawa, S.; Kuwano, M.; Heinz, N.; Bui, N. K.; Hoyland, C. N.;
Ogasawara, N.; et al. A widespread family of bacterial cell wall assembly
proteins. EMBO J. 2011, 30, 4931−4941.
(326) Chan, Y. G. Y.; Frankel, M. B.; Dengler, V.; Schneewind, O.;
Missiakas, D. Staphylococcus aureusmutants lacking the LytR-CpsA-Psr
family of enzymes release cell wall teichoic acids into the extracellular
medium. J. Bacteriol. 2013, 195, 4650−4659.
(327) Schaefer, K.; Matano, L. M.; Qiao, Y.; Kahne, D.; Walker, S. In
vitro reconstitution demonstrates the cell wall ligase activity of LCP
proteins. Nat. Chem. Biol. 2017, 13, 396−401.
(328) Siegel, S. D.; Amer, B. R.; Wu, C.; Sawaya, M. R.; Gosschalk, J.
E.; Clubb, R. T.; Ton-That, H. Structure and mechanism of LcpA, a
phosphotransferase that mediates glycosylation of a Gram-positive
bacterial cell wall-anchored protein. mBio 2019, 10, No. e01580-18.
(329) Li, F. K. K.; Rosell, F. I.; Gale, R. T.; Simorre, J. P.; Brown, E. D.;
Strynadka, N. C. J. Crystallographic analysis of Staphylococcus aureus
LcpA, the primary wall teichoic acid ligase. J. Biol. Chem. 2020, 295,
2629−2639.
(330) Chan, Y. G.-Y.; Kim, H. K.; Schneewind, O.; Missiakas, D. The
capsular polysaccharide of Staphylococcus aureus Is attached to
peptidoglycan by the LytR-CpsA-Psr (LCP) family of enzymes. J.
Biol. Chem. 2014, 289, 15680−15690.
(331) Schaefer, K.; Owens, T. W.; Kahne, D.; Walker, S. Substrate
preferences establish the order of cell wall assembly in Staphylococcus
aureus. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2018, 140, 2442−2445.
(332) Umeda, A.; Yokoyama, S.; Arizono, T.; Amako, K. Location of
peptidoglycan and teichoic acid on the cell wall surface of Staph-
ylococcus aureus as determined by immunoelectron microscopy. J.
Electron Microsc. 1992, 41, 46−52.
(333) Wood, B. M.; Santa-Maria, J. P.; Matano, L. M.; Vickery, C. R.;
Walker, S. A partial reconstitution implicates DltD in catalyzing
lipoteichoic acid D-alanylation. J. Biol. Chem. 2018, 293, 17985−17996.
(334) Xia, G.; Maier, L.; Sanchez-Carballo, P.; Li, M.; Otto, M.; Holst,
O.; Peschel, A. Glycosylation of wall teichoic acid in Staphylococcus
aureus by TarM. J. Biol. Chem. 2010, 285, 13405−13415.
(335) Winstel, V.; Xia, G.; Peschel, A. Pathways and roles of wall
teichoic acid glycosylation in Staphylococcus aureus. Int. J. Med.
Microbiol. 2014, 304, 215−221.
(336) Koc,̧ C.; Gerlach, D.; Beck, S.; Peschel, A.; Xia, G.; Stehle, T.
Structural and enzymatic analysis of TarM glycosyltransferase from

Staphylococcus aureus reveals an oligomeric protein specific for the
glycosylation of wall teichoic acid. J. Biol. Chem. 2015, 290, 9874−9885.
(337) Sobhanifar, S.; Worrall, L. J.; Gruninger, R. J.; Wasney, G. A.;
Blaukopf, M.; Baumann, L.; Lameignere, E.; Solomonson, M.; Brown,
E. D.; Withers, S. G.; et al. Structure and mechanism of Staphylococcus
aureusTarM, the wall teichoic acid alpha-glycosyltransferase. Proc. Natl.
Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2015, 112, E576−85.
(338) Sobhanifar, S.; Worrall, L. J.; King, D. T.; Wasney, G. A.;
Baumann, L.; Gale, R. T.; Nosella, M.; Brown, E. D.; Withers, S. G.;
Strynadka, N. C. J. Structure and mechanism of Staphylococcus aureus
TarS, the wall teichoic acid β-glycosyltransferase involved in methicillin
resistance. PLoS Pathog. 2016, 12, No. e1006067.
(339) Winstel, V.; Kühner, P.; Salomon, F.; Larsen, J.; Skov, R.;
Hoffmann, W.; Peschel, A.; Weidenmaier, C. Wall teichoic acid
glycosylation governs Staphylococcus aureus nasal colonization. mBio
2015, 6, No. e00632.
(340) Mistretta, N.; Brossaud, M.; Telles, F.; Sanchez, V.; Talaga, P.;
Rokbi, B. Glycosylation of Staphylococcus aureus cell wall teichoic acid is
influenced by environmental conditions. Sci. Rep. 2019, 9, 3212.
(341) Gerlach, D.; Guo, Y.; De Castro, C.; Kim, S. H.; Schlatterer, K.;
Xu, F. F.; Pereira, C.; Seeberger, P. H.; Ali, S.; Codeé, J.; et al.
Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus alters cell wall glycosylation
to evade immunity. Nature 2018, 563, 705−709.
(342) Missiakas, D. Staphylococcus aureus TarP: A brick in the wall or
rosetta stone? Cell Host Microbe 2019, 25, 182−183.
(343) Waldman, A. J.; Bertozzi, C. R. A sugar cloak of invisibility.
Biochemistry 2019, 58, 2385−2386.
(344) van Dalen, R.; Molendijk, M. M.; Ali, S.; van Kessel, K. P. M.;
Aerts, P.; van Strijp, J. A. G.; de Haas, C. J. C.; Codeé, J.; van Sorge, N.
M. Do not discard Staphylococcus aureus WTA as a vaccine antigen.
Nature 2019, 572, E1−E2.
(345) Gerlach, D.; Guo, Y.; Stehle, T.; Peschel, A. Reply to: Do not
discard Staphylococcus aureus WTA as a vaccine antigen. Nature 2019,
572, E3−E4.
(346) Brown, S.; Xia, G.; Luhachack, L. G.; Campbell, J.; Meredith, T.
C.; Chen, C.; Winstel, V.; Gekeler, C.; Irazoqui, J. E.; Peschel, A.; et al.
Methicillin resistance in Staphylococcus aureus requires glycosylated wall
teichoic acids. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2012, 109, 18909−18914.
(347) Mandal, M.; Tan, Z.; Madsen-Duggan, C.; Buevich, A. V.;
Caldwell, J. P.; Dejesus, R.; Flattery, A.; Garlisi, C. G.; Gill, C.; Ha, S. N.;
et al. Can we make small molecules lean? Optimization of a highly
lipophilic TarO inhibitor. J. Med. Chem. 2017, 60, 3851−3865.
(348) Reichmann, N. T.; Gründling, A. Location, synthesis and
function of glycolipids and polyglycerolphosphate lipoteichoic acid in
Gram-positive bacteria of the phylum Firmicutes. FEMS Microbiol. Lett.
2011, 319, 97−105.
(349) Reichmann, N. T.; Cassona, C. P.; Gründling, A. Revised
mechanism of D-alanine incorporation into cell wall polymers in Gram-
positive bacteria. Microbiology 2013, 159, 1868−1877.
(350) Ma, D.; Wang, Z.; Merrikh, C. N.; Lang, K. S.; Lu, P.; Li, X.;
Merrikh, H.; Rao, Z.; Xu,W. Crystal structure of a membrane-boundO-
acyltransferase. Nature 2018, 562, 286−290.
(351) Grein, F.; Müller, A.; Scherer, K. M.; Liu, X.; Ludwig, K. C.;
Klöckner, A.; Strach, M.; Sahl, H. G.; Kubitscheck, U.; Schneider, T.
Ca2+-daptomycin targets cell wall biosynthesis by forming a tripartite
complex with undecaprenyl-coupled intermediates and membrane
lipids. Nat. Commun. 2020, 11, 1455.
(352) Bertsche, U.; Weidenmaier, C.; Kuehner, D.; Yang, S. J.; Baur,
S.; Wanner, S.; Francois, P.; Schrenzel, J.; Yeaman, M. R.; Bayer, A. S.
Correlation of daptomycin resistance in a clinical Staphylococcus aureus
strain with increased cell wall teichoic acid production and D-
alanylation. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2011, 55, 3922−3928.
(353) Bertsche, U.; Yang, S. J.; Kuehner, D.; Wanner, S.; Mishra, N.
N.; Roth, T.; Nega, M.; Schneider, A.; Mayer, C.; Grau, T.; et al.
Increased cell wall teichoic acid production and D-alanylation are
common phenotypes among daptomycin-resistant methicillin-resistant
Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) clinical isolates. PLoS One 2013, 8,
No. e67398.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3450

https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2009.04.009
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2009.04.009
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C4SC00802B
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C4SC00802B
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.01880-07
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.01880-07
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.01880-07
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2010.07.017
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2010.07.017
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2010.07.017
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/cb100390w
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/cb100390w
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/cb100390w
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.RA120.012566
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.RA120.012566
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.RA120.012566
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.02749-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.02749-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.02749-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2017.09.006
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2017.09.006
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/emboj.2011.358
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/emboj.2011.358
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00544-13
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00544-13
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00544-13
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.2302
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.2302
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.2302
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.01580-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.01580-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.01580-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.RA119.011469
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.RA119.011469
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M114.567669
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M114.567669
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M114.567669
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.7b13551
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.7b13551
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.7b13551
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.RA118.004561
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.RA118.004561
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M109.096172
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M109.096172
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2013.10.009
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2013.10.009
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M114.619924
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M114.619924
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M114.619924
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1418084112
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1418084112
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1006067
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1006067
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1006067
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.00632-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.00632-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-019-39929-1
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-019-39929-1
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41586-018-0730-x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41586-018-0730-x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.chom.2019.01.013
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.chom.2019.01.013
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.biochem.9b00170
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41586-019-1416-8
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41586-019-1417-7
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41586-019-1417-7
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1209126109
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1209126109
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.7b00113
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.7b00113
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6968.2011.02260.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6968.2011.02260.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6968.2011.02260.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1099/mic.0.069898-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1099/mic.0.069898-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1099/mic.0.069898-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41586-018-0568-2
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41586-018-0568-2
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-020-15257-1
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-020-15257-1
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-020-15257-1
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01226-10
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01226-10
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01226-10
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0067398
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0067398
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0067398
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


(354) Bayer, A. S.; Schneider, T.; Sahl, H.-G. Mechanisms of
daptomycin resistance in Staphylococcus aureus. Ann. N. Y. Acad. Sci.
2013, 1277, 139−158.
(355)Mishra, N. N.; Bayer, A. S.; Weidenmaier, C.; Grau, T.;Wanner,
S.; Stefani, S.; Cafiso, V.; Bertuccio, T.; Yeaman, M. R.; Nast, C. C.;
et al. Phenotypic and genotypic characterization of daptomycin-
resistantmethicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus strains: relative roles
of mprF and dlt operons. PLoS One 2014, 9, No. e107426.
(356) Rahman, M.; Nguyen, S. V.; McCullor, K. A.; King, C. J.;
Jorgensen, J. H.; McShan, W. M. Comparative genome analysis of the
daptomycin-resistant Streptococcus anginosus strain J4206 associated
with breakthrough bacteremia. Genome Biol. Evol. 2016, 8, 3446−3459.
(357) Mechler, L.; Bonetti, E.-J.; Reichert, S.; Flötenmeyer, M.;
Schrenzel, J.; Bertram, R.; Franco̧is, P.; Götz, F. Daptomycin tolerance
in the Staphylococcus aureus pitA6 mutant Is due to upregulation of the
dlt operon. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2016, 60, 2684−2691.
(358) Hayes, F. Probe discovery: disentangling gene networks. Nat.
Chem. Biol. 2016, 12, 3−4.
(359) Qamar, A.; Golemi-Kotra, D. Dual roles of FmtA in
Staphylococcus aureus cell wall biosynthesis and autolysis. Antimicrob.
Agents Chemother. 2012, 56, 3797−3805.
(360) Rahman, M. M.; Hunter, H. N.; Prova, S.; Verma, V.; Qamar,
A.; Golemi-Kotra, D. The Staphylococcus aureus methicillin resistance
factor FmtA Is a D-amino esterase that acts on teichoic acids. mBio
2016, 7, No. e02070-15.
(361) Coupri, D.; Budin-Verneuil, A.; Hartke, A.; Benachour, A.;
Leǵer, L.; Lequeux, T.; Pfund, E.; Verneuil, N. Genetic and
pharmacological inactivation of D-alanylation of teichoic acids
sensitizes pathogenic enterococci to β-lactams. J. Antimicrob. Chemo-
ther. 2019, 74, 3162−3169.
(362) Gautam, S.; Kim, T.; Lester, E.; Deep, D.; Spiegel, D. A. Wall
teichoic acids prevent antibody binding to epitopes within the cell wall
of Staphylococcus aureus. ACS Chem. Biol. 2016, 11, 25−30.
(363) Kurokawa, K.; Jung, D. J.; An, J. H.; Fuchs, K.; Jeon, Y. J.; Kim,
N. H.; Li, X.; Tateishi, K.; Park, J. A.; Xia, G.; et al. Glycoepitopes of
staphylococcal wall teichoic acid govern complement-mediated
opsonophagocytosis via human serum antibody and mannose-binding
lectin. J. Biol. Chem. 2013, 288, 30956−30968.
(364) Bera, A.; Biswas, R.; Herbert, S.; Kulauzovic, E.; Weidenmaier,
C.; Peschel, A.; Gotz, F. Influence of wall teichoic acid on lysozyme
resistance in Staphylococcus aureus. J. Bacteriol. 2007, 189, 280−283.
(365) Koc,̧ C.; Xia, G.; Kühner, P.; Spinelli, S.; Roussel, A.; Cambillau,
C.; Stehle, T. Structure of the host-recognition device of Staphylococcus
aureus phage ϕ11. Sci. Rep. 2016, 6, 27581.
(366) Suzuki, T.; Campbell, J.; Kim, Y.; Swoboda, J. G.; Mylonakis, E.;
Walker, S.; Gilmore, M. S. Wall teichoic acid protects Staphylococcus
aureus from inhibition by Congo red and other dyes. J. Antimicrob.
Chemother. 2012, 67, 2143−2151.
(367) Kohler, T.; Weidenmaier, C.; Peschel, A. Wall teichoic acid
protects Staphylococcus aureus against antimicrobial fatty acids from
human skin. J. Bacteriol. 2009, 191, 4482−4484.
(368) Wanner, S.; Schade, J.; Keinhörster, D.; Weller, N.; George, S.
E.; Kull, L.; Bauer, J.; Grau, T.; Winstel, V.; Stoy, H.; et al. Wall teichoic
acids mediate increased virulence in Staphylococcus aureus. Nat.
Microbiol. 2017, 2, 16257.
(369) Winstel, V.; Liang, C.; Sanchez-Carballo, P.; Steglich, M.;
Munar, M.; Broker, B. M.; Penades, J. R.; Nubel, U.; Holst, O.;
Dandekar, T.; et al. Wall teichoic acid structure governs horizontal gene
transfer between major bacterial pathogens. Nat. Commun. 2013, 4,
2345.
(370) Hübscher, J.; McCallum, N.; Sifri, C. D.; Majcherczyk, P. A.;
Entenza, J. M.; Heusser, R.; Berger-Bac̈hi, B.; Stutzmann Meier, P.
MsrR contributes to cell surface characteristics and virulence in
Staphylococcus aureus. FEMS Microbiol. Lett. 2009, 295, 251−260.
(371) Over, B.; Heusser, R.; McCallum, N.; Schulthess, B.;
Kupferschmied, P.; Gaiani, J. M.; Sifri, C. D.; Berger-Bachi, B.; Meier,
P. S. LytR-CpsA-Psr proteins in Staphylococcus aureus display partial
functional redundancy and the deletion of all three severely impairs

septum placement and cell separation. FEMSMicrobiol. Lett. 2011, 320,
142−151.
(372) Dengler, V.; Meier, P. S.; Heusser, R.; Kupferschmied, P.;
Fazekas, J.; Friebe, S.; Staufer, S. B.; Majcherczyk, P. A.; Moreillon, P.;
Berger-Bachi, B.; et al. Deletion of hypothetical wall teichoic acid ligases
in Staphylococcus aureus activates the cell wall stress response. FEMS
Microbiol. Lett. 2012, 333, 109−120.
(373) Berejnaia, O.; Wang, H.; Labroli, M.; Yang, C.; Gill, C.; Xiao, J.;
Hesk, D.; DeJesus, R.; Su, J.; Tan, C. M.; et al. Quantitation of wall
teichoic acid in Staphylococcus aureus by direct measurement of
monomeric units using LC-MS/MS. Anal. Biochem. 2017, 518, 9−15.
(374) Romaniuk, J. A. H.; Cegelski, L. Peptidoglycan and teichoic acid
levels and alterations in S. aureus by cell-wall and whole-cell NMR.
Biochemistry 2018, 57, 3966−3975.
(375) Zhu, X.; Liu, D.; Singh, A. K.; Drolia, R.; Bai, X.; Tenguria, S.;
Bhunia, A. K. Tunicamycin mediated inhibition of wall teichoic acid
affects Staphylococcus aureus and Listeria monocytogenes cell morphol-
ogy, biofilm formation and virulence. Front. Microbiol. 2018, 9, 1352.
(376)Henrich, E.;Ma, Y.; Engels, I.; Münch, D.; Otten, C.; Schneider,
T.; Henrichfreise, B.; Sahl, H.-G.; Dötsch, V.; Bernhard, F. Lipid
requirements for the enzymatic activity of MraY translocases and in
vitro reconstitution of Lipid II synthesis pathway. J. Biol. Chem. 2016,
291, 2535−2546.
(377) Price, N. P.; Hartman, T. M.; Li, J.; Velpula, K. K.; Naumann, T.
A.; Guda, M. R.; Yu, B.; Bischoff, K. M. Modified tunicamycins with
reduced eukaryotic toxicity that enhance the antibacterial activity of β-
lactams. J. Antibiot. 2017, 70, 1070−1077.
(378) Labroli, M. A.; Caldwell, J. P.; Yang, C.; Lee, S. H.; Wang, H.;
Koseoglu, S.; Mann, P.; Yang, S. W.; Xiao, J.; Garlisi, C. G.; et al.
Discovery of potent wall teichoic acid early stage inhibitors. Bioorg. Med.
Chem. Lett. 2016, 26, 3999−4002.
(379) Lee, S. H.; Wang, H.; Labroli, M.; Koseoglu, S.; Zuck, P.;
Mayhood, T.; Gill, C.; Mann, P.; Sher, X.; Ha, S.; et al. TarO-specific
inhibitors of wall teichoic acid biosynthesis restore β-lactam efficacy
against methicillin-resistant staphylococci. Sci. Transl. Med. 2016, 8,
329ra32.
(380) Yang, S. W.; Pan, J.; Yang, C.; Labroli, M.; Pan, W.; Caldwell, J.;
Ha, S.; Koseoglu, S.; Xiao, J. C.; Mayhood, T.; et al. Benzimidazole
analogs as WTA biosynthesis inhibitors targeting methicillin resistant
Staphylococcus aureus. Bioorg. Med. Chem. Lett. 2016, 26, 4743−4747.
(381) Lee, K.; Campbell, J.; Swoboda, J. G.; Cuny, G. D.; Walker, S.
Development of improved inhibitors of wall teichoic acid biosynthesis
with potent activity against Staphylococcus aureus. Bioorg. Med. Chem.
Lett. 2010, 20, 1767−1770.
(382) Matano, L. M.; Morris, H. G.; Hesser, A. R.; Martin, S. E. S.;
Lee, W.; Owens, T. W.; Laney, E.; Nakaminami, H.; Hooper, D.;
Meredith, T. C.; et al. Antibiotic that inhibits the ATPase activity of an
ATP-binding cassette transporter by binding to a remote extracellular
site. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2017, 139, 10597−10600.
(383) Suzuki, T.; Swoboda, J. G.; Campbell, J.; Walker, S.; Gilmore,
M. S. In vitro antimicrobial activity of wall teichoic acid biosynthesis
inhibitors against Staphylococcus aureus isolates. Antimicrob. Agents
Chemother. 2011, 55, 767−774.
(384) Campbell, J.; Singh, A. K.; Swoboda, J. G.; Gilmore, M. S.;
Wilkinson, B. J.; Walker, S. An antibiotic that inhibits a late step in wall
teichoic acid biosynthesis induces the cell wall stress stimulon in
Staphylococcus aureus. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2012, 56, 1810−
1820.
(385)Wang, H.; Gill, C. J.; Lee, S. H.;Mann, P.; Zuck, P.;Meredith, T.
C.; Murgolo, N.; She, X.; Kales, S.; Liang, L.; et al. Discovery of wall
teichoic acid inhibitors as potential anti-MRSA β-lactam combination
agents. Chem. Biol. 2013, 20, 272−284.
(386) Tiwari, K. B.; Gatto, C.; Walker, S.; Wilkinson, B. J. Exposure of
Staphylococcus aureus to targocil blocks translocation of the major
autolysin Atl across the membrane, resulting in a significant decrease in
autolysis. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2018, 62, No. e00323-18.
(387) Swoboda, J. G.; Meredith, T. C.; Campbell, J.; Brown, S.;
Suzuki, T.; Bollenbach, T.; Malhowski, A. J.; Kishony, R.; Gilmore, M.
S.; Walker, S. Discovery of a small molecule that blocks wall teichoic

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3451

https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1749-6632.2012.06819.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1749-6632.2012.06819.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0107426
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0107426
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0107426
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/gbe/evw241
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/gbe/evw241
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/gbe/evw241
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.03022-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.03022-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.03022-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.1983
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00187-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00187-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.02070-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.02070-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkz322
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkz322
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkz322
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acschembio.5b00439
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acschembio.5b00439
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acschembio.5b00439
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M113.509893
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M113.509893
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M113.509893
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M113.509893
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.01221-06
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.01221-06
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/srep27581
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/srep27581
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dks184
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dks184
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00221-09
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00221-09
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00221-09
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nmicrobiol.2016.257
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nmicrobiol.2016.257
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms3345
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms3345
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6968.2009.01603.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6968.2009.01603.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6968.2011.02303.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6968.2011.02303.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6968.2011.02303.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6968.2012.02603.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6968.2012.02603.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ab.2016.10.027
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ab.2016.10.027
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ab.2016.10.027
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.biochem.8b00495
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.biochem.8b00495
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2018.01352
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2018.01352
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2018.01352
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M115.664292
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M115.664292
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M115.664292
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2017.101
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2017.101
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2017.101
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmcl.2016.06.090
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/scitranslmed.aad7364
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/scitranslmed.aad7364
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/scitranslmed.aad7364
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmcl.2016.08.036
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmcl.2016.08.036
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmcl.2016.08.036
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmcl.2010.01.036
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmcl.2010.01.036
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.7b04726
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.7b04726
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.7b04726
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00879-10
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00879-10
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.05938-11
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.05938-11
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.05938-11
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2012.11.013
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2012.11.013
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2012.11.013
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00323-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00323-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00323-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00323-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/cb900151k
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


acid biosynthesis in Staphylococcus aureus. ACS Chem. Biol. 2009, 4,
875−883.
(388) El-Halfawy, O. M.; Brown, E. D. High-throughput screening for
inhibitors of wall teichoic acid biosynthesis in Staphylococcus aureus.
Methods Mol. Biol. 2019, 1954, 297−308.
(389) Schlag, M.; Biswas, R.; Krismer, B.; Kohler, T.; Zoll, S.; Yu, W.;
Schwarz, H.; Peschel, A.; Götz, F. Role of staphylococcal wall teichoic
acid in targeting the major autolysin Atl.Mol. Microbiol. 2010, 75, 864−
873.
(390) Schmidt, R. R.; Pedersen, C. M.; Qiao, Y.; Zahringer, U.
Chemical synthesis of bacterial lipoteichoic acids: An insight on its
biological significance. Org. Biomol. Chem. 2011, 9, 2040−2052.
(391) Fedtke, I.; Mader, D.; Kohler, T.; Moll, H.; Nicholson, G.;
Biswas, R.; Henseler, K.; Gotz, F.; Zahringer, U.; Peschel, A. A
Staphylococcus aureus ypf P mutant with strongly reduced lipoteichoic
acid (LTA) content: LTA governs bacterial surface properties and
autolysin activity. Mol. Microbiol. 2007, 65, 1078−1091.
(392) Santa Maria, J. P., Jr.; Sadaka, A.; Moussa, S. H.; Brown, S.;
Zhang, Y. J.; Rubin, E. J.; Gilmore, M. S.; Walker, S. Compound-gene
interaction mapping reveals distinct roles for Staphylococcus aureus
teichoic acids. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2014, 111, 12510−12515.
(393) Hesser, A. R.; Matano, L. M.; Vickery, C. R.; Wood, B. M.;
Santiago, A. G.; Morris, H. G.; Do, T.; Losick, R.; Walker, S. The length
of lipoteichoic acid polymers controls Staphylococcus aureus cell size and
envelope integrity. J. Bacteriol. 2020, 202, No. e00149-20.
(394) Malanovic, N.; Lohner, K. Gram-positive bacterial cell
envelopes: The impact on the activity of antimicrobial peptides.
Biochim. Biophys. Acta, Biomembr. 2016, 1858, 936−946.
(395) Schneider, V. A. F.; Coorens, M.; Tjeerdsma-Van Bokhoven, J.
L. M.; Posthuma, G.; van Dijk, A.; Veldhuizen, E. J. A.; Haagsman, H. P.
Imaging the antistaphylococcal activity of CATH-2: mechanism of
attack and regulation of inflammatory response. mSphere 2017, 2,
No. e00370-17.
(396) Seo, H. S.; Michalek, S. M.; Nahm, M. H. Lipoteichoic acid is
important in innate immune responses to gram-positive bacteria. Infect.
Immun. 2008, 76, 206−213.
(397) Yi, X. Y.; Huang, Z. X.; Hou, X. R.; Zhu, P.; Wang, X. Y.; Luo, H.
B.; Liu, B. Y. Immunization with a peptide mimicking lipoteichoic acid
protects mice against Staphylococcus aureus infection. Vaccine 2019, 37,
4325−4335.
(398) Ohsawa, H.; Baba, T.; Enami, J.; Hiramatsu, K. Protective
activity of anti-lipoteichoic acid monoclonal antibody in single or
combination therapies in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus-
induced murine sepsis models. J. Infect. Chemother. 2020, 26, 520−522.
(399) Percy, M. G.; Gründling, A. Lipoteichoic acid synthesis and
function in Gram-positive bacteria. Annu. Rev. Microbiol. 2014, 68, 81−
100.
(400) Kho, K.; Meredith, T. C. Salt-induced stress stimulates a
lipoteichoic acid-specific three-component glycosylation system in
Staphylococcus aureus. J. Bacteriol. 2018, 200, No. e00017-18.
(401) Reichmann, N. T.; Cassona, C. P.; Monteiro, J. M.; Bottomley,
A. L.; Corrigan, R. M.; Foster, S. J.; Pinho, M. G.; Gründling, A.
Differential localization of LTA synthesis proteins and their interaction
with the cell divisionmachinery in Staphylococcus aureus.Mol. Microbiol.
2014, 92, 273−286.
(402) Rahman, O.; Dover, L. G.; Sutcliffe, I. C. Lipoteichoic acid
biosynthesis: two steps forwards, one step sideways? Trends Microbiol.
2009, 17, 219−225.
(403) Sutcliffe, I. C. Priming and elongation: dissection of the
lipoteichoic acid biosynthetic pathway in Gram-positive bacteria. Mol.
Microbiol. 2011, 79, 553−556.
(404) Schneewind, O.; Missiakas, D. Lipoteichoic acids, phosphate-
containing polymers in the envelope of Gram-positive bacteria. J.
Bacteriol. 2014, 196, 1133−1142.
(405) Rismondo, J.; Percy, M. G.; Gründling, A. Discovery of genes
required for lipoteichoic acid glycosylation predicts two distinct
mechanism for wall teichoic acid glycosylation. J. Biol. Chem. 2018,
293, 3293−3306.

(406) Grundling, A.; Schneewind, O. Genes required for glycolipid
synthesis and lipoteichoic acid anchoring in Staphylococcus aureus. J.
Bacteriol. 2007, 189, 2521−2530.
(407) Zhang, B.; Liu, X.; Lambert, E.; Mas, G.; Hiller, S.; Veening, J.
W.; Perez, C. Structure of a proton-dependent lipid transporter
involved in lipoteichoic acids biosynthesis. Nat. Struct. Mol. Biol. 2020,
27, 561−569.
(408) Karinou, E.; Schuster, C. F.; Pazos, M.; Vollmer, W.; Gründling,
A. Inactivation of the monofunctional peptidoglycan glycosyltransfer-
ase SgtB allows Staphylococcus aureus to survive in the absence of
lipoteichoic acid. J. Bacteriol. 2019, 201, No. e00574-18.
(409) Richter, S. G.; Elli, D.; Kim, H. K.; Hendrickx, A. P. A.; Sorg, J.
A.; Schneewind, O.; Missiakas, D. Small molecule inhibitor of
lipoteichoic acid synthesis is an antibiotic for Gram-positive bacteria.
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2013, 110, 3531−3536.
(410) Naclerio, G. A.; Onyedibe, K. I.; Sintim, H. O. Lipoteichoic acid
biosynthesis inhibitors as potent inhibitors of S. aureus and E. faecalis
growth and biofilm formation. Molecules 2020, 25, 2277.
(411) Naclerio, G. A.; Sintim, H. O. Multiple ways to kill bacteria via
inhibiting novel cell wall or membrane targets. Future Med. Chem. 2020,
12, 1253−1279.
(412) Gray, D. A.; Wenzel, M.More than a pore: a current perspective
on the in vivo mode of action of the lipopeptide antibiotic daptomycin.
Antibiotics 2020, 9, 17.
(413)Geriak,M.; Haddad, F.; Rizvi, K.; Rose,W.; Kullar, R.; LaPlante,
K.; Yu, M.; Vasina, L.; Ouellette, K.; Zervos, M.; et al. Clinical data on
daptomycin plus ceftaroline versus standard of care monotherapy in the
treatment of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia.
Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2019, 63, No. e02483-18.
(414) Molina, K. C.; Morrisette, T.; Miller, M. A.; Huang, V.; Fish, D.
N. The emerging role of β-lactams in the treatment of methicillin-
resistant Staphylococcus aureus bloodstream infections. Antimicrob.
Agents Chemother. 2020, 64, No. e00468-20.
(415) Kebriaei, R.; Rice, S. A.; Stamper, K. C.; Rybak, M. J.
Dalbavancin alone and in combination with ceftaroline against four
different phenotypes of Staphylococcus aureus in a simulated
pharmacodynamic/pharmacokinetic model. Antimicrob. Agents Chemo-
ther. 2019, 63, No. e01743-18.
(416) Xhemali, X.; Smith, J. R.; Kebriaei, R.; Rice, S. A.; Stamper, K.
C.; Compton, M.; Singh, N. B.; Jahanbakhsh, S.; Rybak, M. J.
Evaluation of dalbavancin alone and in combination with β-lactam
antibiotics against resistant phenotypes of Staphylococcus aureus. J.
Antimicrob. Chemother. 2019, 74, 82−86.
(417) Miller, C. R.; Dey, S.; Smolenski, P. D.; Kulkarni, P. S.; Monk, J.
M.; Szubin, R.; Sakoulas, G.; Berti, A. D. Distinct subpopulations of
intravalvular methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus with variable
susceptibility to daptomycin in tricuspid valve endocarditis. Antimicrob.
Agents Chemother. 2020, 64, No. e01593-19.
(418) Mehta, S.; Singh, C.; Plata, K. B.; Chanda, P. K.; Paul, A.; Riosa,
S.; Rosato, R. R.; Rosato, A. E. β-Lactams Increase the antibacterial
activity of daptomycin against clinical methicillin-resistant Staph-
ylococcus aureus strains and prevent selection of daptomycin-resistant
derivatives. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2012, 56, 6192−6200.
(419) Renzoni, A.; Kelley, W. L.; Rosato, R. R.; Martinez, M. P.; Roch,
M.; Fatouraei, M.; Haeusser, D. P.; Margolin, W.; Fenn, S.; Turner, R.
D.; et al. Molecular bases determining daptomycin resistance-mediated
resensitization to β-lactams (seesaw effect) in methicillin-resistant
Staphylococcus aureus. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2017, 61,
No. e01634/16.
(420)Hines, K.M.; Shen, T.; Ashford, N. K.;Waalkes, A.; Penewit, K.;
Holmes, E. A.; McLean, K.; Salipante, S. J.; Werth, B. J.; Xu, L.
Occurrence of cross-resistance and β-lactam seesaw effect in
glycopeptide-, lipopeptide- and lipoglycopeptide-resistant MRSA
correlates with membrane phosphatidylglycerol levels. J. Antimicrob.
Chemother. 2020, 75, 1182−1186.
(421) Pogliano, J.; Pogliano, N.; Silverman, J. A. Daptomycin-
mediated reorganization of membrane architecture causes mislocaliza-
tion of essential cell division proteins. J. Bacteriol. 2012, 194, 4494−
4504.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3452

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/cb900151k
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4939-9154-9_23
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4939-9154-9_23
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2009.07007.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2009.07007.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/c0ob00794c
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/c0ob00794c
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2007.05854.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2007.05854.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2007.05854.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2007.05854.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1404099111
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1404099111
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1404099111
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00149-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00149-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00149-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bbamem.2015.11.004
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bbamem.2015.11.004
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mSphere.00370-17
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mSphere.00370-17
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/IAI.01140-07
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/IAI.01140-07
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.vaccine.2019.06.024
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.vaccine.2019.06.024
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jiac.2019.12.018
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jiac.2019.12.018
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jiac.2019.12.018
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jiac.2019.12.018
https://dx.doi.org/10.1146/annurev-micro-091213-112949
https://dx.doi.org/10.1146/annurev-micro-091213-112949
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00017-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00017-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00017-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.12551
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.12551
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tim.2009.03.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tim.2009.03.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2010.07480.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2010.07480.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.01155-13
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.01155-13
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.RA117.001614
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.RA117.001614
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.RA117.001614
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.01683-06
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.01683-06
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41594-020-0425-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41594-020-0425-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00574-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00574-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00574-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1217337110
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1217337110
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/molecules25102277
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/molecules25102277
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/molecules25102277
https://dx.doi.org/10.4155/fmc-2020-0046
https://dx.doi.org/10.4155/fmc-2020-0046
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9010017
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9010017
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02483-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02483-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02483-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00468-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00468-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01743-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01743-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01743-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dky376
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dky376
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01593-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01593-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01593-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01525-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01525-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01525-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01525-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01634-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01634-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01634-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkz562
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkz562
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkz562
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00011-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00011-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00011-12
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


(422) Müller, A.; Wenzel, M.; Strahl, H.; Grein, F.; Saaki, T. N.; Kohl,
B.; Siersma, T.; Bandow, J. E.; Sahl, H. G.; Schneider, T.; et al.
Daptomycin inhibits cell envelope synthesis by interfering with fluid
membrane microdomains. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2016, 113,
E7077−E7086.
(423) Jiang, J. H.; Dexter, C.; Cameron, D. R.; Monk, I. R.; Baines, S.
L.; Abbott, I. J.; Spelman, D. W.; Kostoulias, X.; Nethercott, C.;
Howden, B. P.; et al. Evolution of daptomycin resistance in coagulase-
negative Staphylococci involves mutations of the essential two-
component regulator WalKR. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2019,
63, No. e01926-18.
(424) Peleg, A. Y.; Miyakis, S.; Ward, D. V.; Earl, A. M.; Rubio, A.;
Cameron, D. R.; Pillai, S.; Moellering, R. C.; Eliopoulos, G. M. Whole
genome characterization of the mechanisms of daptomycin resistance
in clinical and laboratory derived isolates of Staphylococcus aureus. PLoS
One 2012, 7, No. e28316.
(425) Zhang, T.; Muraih, J. K.; Tishbi, N.; Herskowitz, J.; Victor, R.
L.; Silverman, J.; Uwumarenogie, S.; Taylor, S. D.; Palmer, M.; Mintzer,
E. Cardiolipin prevents membrane translocation and permeabilization
by daptomycin. J. Biol. Chem. 2014, 289, 11584−11591.
(426) Jiang, J.-H.; Bhuiyan, M. S.; Shen, H. H.; Cameron, D. R.;
Rupasinghe, T. W. T.; Wu, C. M.; Le Brun, A. P.; Kostoulias, X.;
Domene, C.; Fulcher, A. J.; et al. Antibiotic resistance and host immune
evasion in Staphylococcus aureus mediated by a metabolic adaptation.
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2019, 116, 3722−3727.
(427) Kuroda, M.; Nagasaki, S.; Ohta, T. Sesquiterpene farnesol
inhibits recycling of the C55 lipid carrier of the murein monomer
precursor contributing to increased susceptibility to β-lactams in
methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. J. Antimicrob. Chemother.
2007, 59, 425−432.
(428) Inoue, Y.; Togashi, N.; Hamashima, H. Farnesol-induced
disruption of the Staphylococcus aureus cytoplasmic membrane. Biol.
Pharm. Bull. 2016, 39, 653−656.
(429) Kim, C.; Hesek, D.; Lee, M.; Mobashery, S. Potentiation of the
activity of β-lactam antibiotics by farnesol and its derivatives. Bioorg.
Med. Chem. Lett. 2018, 28, 642−645.
(430) Stapleton, P. D.; Shah, S.; Ehlert, K.; Hara, Y.; Taylor, P.W. The
β-lactam-resistance modifier (−)-epicatechin gallate alters the
architecture of the cell wall of Staphylococcus aureus. Microbiology
2007, 153, 2093−2103.
(431) Bernal, P.; Lemaire, S.; Pinho, M. G.; Mobashery, S.; Hinds, J.;
Taylor, P. W. Insertion of epicatechin gallate into the cytoplasmic
membrane of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus disrupts
penicillin-binding protein (PBP) 2a-mediated β-lactam resistance by
delocalizing PBP2. J. Biol. Chem. 2010, 285, 24055−24065.
(432) Rosado, H.; Turner, R. D.; Foster, S. J.; Taylor, P. W. Impact of
the β-lactam resistance modifier (−)-epicatechin gallate on the non-
random distribution of phospholipids across the cytoplasmic
membrane of Staphylococcus aureus. Int. J. Mol. Sci. 2015, 16, 16710−
16727.
(433) Taylor, P. W. Interactions of tea-derived catechin gallates with
bacterial pathogens. Molecules 2020, 25, 1986.
(434) Qian, M.; Tang, S.; Wu, C.; Wang, Y.; He, T.; Chen, T.; Xiao, X.
Synergy between baicalein and penicillins against penicillinase-
producing Staphylococcus aureus. Int. J. Med. Microbiol. 2015, 305,
501−504.
(435) Wu, S. C.; Han, F.; Song, M. R.; Chen, S.; Li, Q.; Zhang, Q.;
Zhu, K.; Shen, J. Z. Natural flavones from Morus alba against
methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus via targeting the proton
motive force andmembrane permeability. J. Agric. Food Chem. 2019, 67,
10222−10234.
(436) Dettweiler, M.; Melander, R. J.; Porras, G.; Risener, C.;
Marquez, L.; Samarakoon, T.; Melander, C.; Quave, C. L. A clerodane
diterpene from Callicarpa americana resensitizes methicillin-resistant
Staphylococcus aureus to β-lactam antibiotics. ACS Infect. Dis. 2020, 6,
1667−1673.
(437) Nair, D. R.; Chen, J.; Monteiro, J. M.; Josten, M.; Pinho, M. G.;
Sahl, H. G.; Wu, J.; Cheung, A. A quinolinol-based small molecule with

anti-MRSA activity that targets bacterial membrane and promotes
fermentative metabolism. J. Antibiot. 2017, 70, 1009−1019.
(438) Thorsing, M.; Klitgaard, J. K.; Atilano, M. L.; Skov, M. N.;
Kolmos, H. J.; Filipe, S. R.; Kallipolitis, B. H. Thioridazine induces
major changes in global gene expression and cell wall composition in
methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus USA300. PLoS One 2013, 8,
No. e64518.
(439) Poulsen, M. Ø.; Jacobsen, K.; Thorsing, M.; Kristensen, N. R.;
Clasen, J.; Lillebæk, E. M.; Skov, M. N.; Kallipolitis, B. H.; Kolmos, H.
J.; Klitgaard, J. K. Thioridazine potentiates the effect of a β-lactam
antibiotic against Staphylococcus aureus independently of mecA
expression. Res. Microbiol. 2013, 164, 181−188.
(440) Poulsen, M. Ø.; Schøler, L.; Nielsen, A.; Skov, M. N.; Kolmos,
H. J.; Kallipolitis, B. H.; Olsen, A.; Klitgaard, J. K. Combination therapy
with thioridazine and dicloxacillin combats meticillin-resistant Staph-
ylococcus aureus infection in Caenorhabditis elegans. J. Med. Microbiol.
2014, 63, 1174−1180.
(441) Wassmann, C. S.; Lund, L. C.; Thorsing, M.; Lauritzen, S. P.;
Kolmos, H. J.; Kallipolitis, B. H.; Klitgaard, J. K. Molecular mechanisms
of thioridazine resistance in Staphylococcus aureus. PLoS One 2018, 13,
No. e0201767.
(442) Stenger, M.; Hendel, K.; Bollen, P.; Licht, P. B.; Kolmos, H. J.;
Klitgaard, J. K. Assessments of thioridazine as a helper compound to
dicloxacillin against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus: in vivo
trials in a mouse peritonitis model. PLoS One 2015, 10, No. e0135571.
(443) Stenger, M.; Behr-Rasmussen, C.; Klein, K.; Grønnemose, R. B.;
Andersen, T. E.; Klitgaard, J. K.; Kolmos, H. J.; Lindholt, J. S. Systemic
thioridazine in combination with dicloxacillin against early aortic graft
infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus in a porcine model: In vivo
results do not reproduce the in vitro synergistic activity. PLoS One
2017, 12, No. e0173362.
(444) Van den Driessche, F.; Brackman, G.; Swimberghe, R.; Rigole,
P.; Coenye, T. Screening a repurposing library for potentiators of
antibiotics against Staphylococcus aureus biofilms. Int. J. Antimicrob.
Agents 2017, 49, 315−320.
(445) Jørgensen, N. S.; Saaby, L.; Andersson, A. M.; Kromann, S.;
Sheikhsamani, E.; Permin, A.; Ronco, T.; Svenningsen, S. W.;
Christensen, J. B.; Olsen, R. H. A novel derivative of thioridazine
shows low toxicity and efficient activity against Gram-positive
pathogens. Antibiotics 2020, 9, 327.
(446) Tozar, T.; Santos Costa, S.; Udrea, A. M.; Nastasa, V.; Couto, I.;
Viveiros, M.; Pascu, M. L.; Romanitan, M. O. Anti-staphylococcal
activity and mode of action of thioridazine photoproducts. Sci. Rep.
2020, 10, 18043.
(447) Lin, S.; Li, H.; Tao, Y.; Liu, J.; Yuan,W.; Chen, Y.; Liu, Y.; Liu, S.
In vitro and in vivo evaluation of membrane-active flavone amphiphiles:
semisynthetic kaempferol-derived antimicrobials against drug-resistant
Gram-positive bacteria. J. Med. Chem. 2020, 63, 5797−5815.
(448) Ling, L. L.; Schneider, T.; Peoples, A. J.; Spoering, A. L.; Engels,
I.; Conlon, B. P.; Mueller, A.; Schaberle, T. F.; Hughes, D. E.; Epstein,
S.; et al. A new antibiotic kills pathogens without detectable resistance.
Nature 2015, 517, 455−459.
(449) van Heusden, H. E.; de Kruijff, B.; Breukink, E. Lipid II induces
a transmembrane orientation of the pore-forming peptide lantibiotic
nisin. Biochemistry 2002, 41, 12171−12178.
(450) ’t Hart, P.; Oppedijk, S. F.; Breukink, E.; Martin, N. I. New
insights into nisin’s antibacterial mechanism revealed by binding
studies with synthetic Lipid II analogues. Biochemistry 2016, 55, 232−
237.
(451) Zhao, X.; Yin, Z.; Breukink, E.; Moll, G. N.; Kuipers, O. P. An
engineered double lipid II binding motifs-containing lantibiotic
displays potent and selective antimicrobial activity against E. faecium.
Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2020, 64, No. e02050-19.
(452) Wen, P. C.; Vanegas, J. M.; Rempe, S. B.; Tajkhorshid, E.
Probing key elements of teixobactin-lipid II interactions in membranes.
Chem. Sci. 2018, 9, 6997−7008.
(453) Alves, F. C. B.; Albano, M.; Andrade, B. F. M. T.; Chechi, J. L.;
Pereira, A. F. M.; Furlanetto, A.; Rall, V. L. M.; Fernandes, A. A. H.; Dos
Santos, L. D.; Barbosa, L. N.; et al. Comparative proteomics of

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3453

https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1611173113
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1611173113
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01926-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01926-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01926-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0028316
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0028316
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0028316
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M114.554444
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M114.554444
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1812066116
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1812066116
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkl519
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkl519
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkl519
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkl519
https://dx.doi.org/10.1248/bpb.b15-00416
https://dx.doi.org/10.1248/bpb.b15-00416
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmcl.2018.01.028
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmcl.2018.01.028
https://dx.doi.org/10.1099/mic.0.2007/007807-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1099/mic.0.2007/007807-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1099/mic.0.2007/007807-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M110.114793
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M110.114793
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M110.114793
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M110.114793
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/ijms160816710
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/ijms160816710
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/ijms160816710
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/ijms160816710
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/molecules25081986
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/molecules25081986
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2015.05.001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2015.05.001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jafc.9b01795
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jafc.9b01795
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jafc.9b01795
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsinfecdis.0c00307
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsinfecdis.0c00307
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsinfecdis.0c00307
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2017.79
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2017.79
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2017.79
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0064518
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0064518
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0064518
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.resmic.2012.10.007
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.resmic.2012.10.007
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.resmic.2012.10.007
https://dx.doi.org/10.1099/jmm.0.071837-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1099/jmm.0.071837-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1099/jmm.0.071837-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0201767
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0201767
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0135571
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0135571
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0135571
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0173362
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0173362
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0173362
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0173362
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2016.11.023
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2016.11.023
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9060327
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9060327
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9060327
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-74752-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-74752-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.0c00053
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.0c00053
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.0c00053
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature14098
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi026090x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi026090x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi026090x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.biochem.5b01173
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.biochem.5b01173
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.biochem.5b01173
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02050-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02050-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02050-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C8SC02616E
https://dx.doi.org/10.1089/mdr.2019.0038
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus subjected to synergistic
effects of the lantibiotic nisin and oxacillin. Microb. Drug Resist. 2020,
26, 179−189.
(454) Homma, T.; Nuxoll, A.; Gandt, A. B.; Ebner, P.; Engels, I.;
Schneider, T.; Götz, F.; Lewis, K.; Conlon, B. P. Dual targeting of cell
wall precursors by teixobactin leads to cell lysis. Antimicrob. Agents
Chemother. 2016, 60, 6510−6517.
(455) Silver, L. L. Appropriate targets for antibacterial drugs. Cold
Spring Harbor Perspect. Med. 2016, 6, No. a030239.
(456) Silver, L. L. The antibiotic future. Top. Med. Chem. 2017, 25,
31−68.
(457) Klein, E. Y.; Jiang, W.; Mojica, N.; Tseng, K. K.; McNeill, R.;
Cosgrove, S. E.; Perl, T. M. National costs associated with methicillin-
susceptible and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus hospital-
izations in the United States, 2010−2014. Clin. Infect. Dis. 2019, 68,
22−28.
(458) Austin, E. D.; Sullivan, S. S.; Macesic, N.; Mehta, M.; Miko, B.
A.; Nematollahi, S.; Shi, Q.; Lowy, F. D.; Uhlemann, A. C. Reduced
mortality of Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia in a retrospective cohort
study of 2139 patients: 2007−2015. Clin. Infect. Dis. 2020, 70, 1666−
1674.
(459) Planet, P. J.; Narechania, A.; Chen, L.; Mathema, B.; Boundy, S.;
Archer, G.; Kreiswirth, B. Architecture of a species: phylogenomics of
Staphylococcus aureus. Trends Microbiol. 2017, 25, 153−166.
(460) Abraham, E. P.; Chain, E. An enzyme from bacteria able to
destroy penicillin. Nature 1940, 146, 837−837.
(461) Nielsen, J. B. K.; Lampen, J. O. Membrane-bound penicillinases
in Gram-positive bacteria. J. Biol. Chem. 1982, 257, 4490−4495.
(462) Kernodle, D. S. Mechanisms of resistance to β-lactam
antibiotics. Gram-positive Pathogens 2 cd Edition 2014, 769−781.
(463) Otero, L. H.; Rojas-Altuve, A.; Llarrull, L. I.; Carrasco-Loṕez,
C.; Kumarasiri, M.; Lastochkin, E.; Fishovitz, J.; Dawley, M.; Hesek, D.;
Lee, M.; et al. How allosteric control of Staphylococcus aureus penicillin
binding protein 2a enables methicillin resistance and physiological
function. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2013, 110, 16808−16813.
(464) Mahasenan, K. V.; Molina, R.; Bouley, R.; Batuecas, M. T.;
Fisher, J. F.; Hermoso, J. A.; Chang, M.; Mobashery, S. Conformational
dynamics in PBP2a of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus,
allosteric communication network and enablement of catalysis. J. Am.
Chem. Soc. 2017, 139, 2102−2110.
(465) Fishovitz, J.; Hermoso, J. A.; Chang, M.; Mobashery, S.
Penicillin-binding protein 2a of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus
aureus. IUBMB Life 2014, 66, 572−577.
(466) Fishovitz, J.; Taghizadeh, N.; Fisher, J. F.; Chang, M.;
Mobashery, S. The Tipper-Strominger hypothesis and triggering of
allostery in Penicillin-Binding Protein 2a of methicillin-resistant
Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2015, 137, 6500−
6505.
(467) de Lencastre, H.; Oliveira, D.; Tomasz, A. Antibiotic resistant
Staphylococcus aureus: a paradigm of adaptive power. Curr. Opin.
Microbiol. 2007, 10, 428−435.
(468) Moellering, R. C., Jr. MRSA: the first half century. J. Antimicrob.
Chemother. 2012, 67, 4−11.
(469) Zhan, X. Y.; Zhu, Q. Y. Evolution of methicillin-resistant
Staphylococcus aureus: Evidence of positive selection in a penicillin-
binding protein (PBP) 2a coding gene mecA. Infect., Genet. Evol. 2018,
59, 16−22.
(470) Navarre, W. W.; Daefler, S.; Schneewind, O. Cell wall sorting of
lipoproteins in Staphylococcus aureus. J. Bacteriol. 1996, 178, 441−446.
(471) Bartual, S. G.; Alcorlo, M.; Martínez-Caballero, S.; Molina, R.;
Hermoso, J. A. Three-dimensional structures of lipoproteins from
Streptococcus pneumoniae and Staphylococcus aureus. Int. J. Med.
Microbiol. 2018, 308, 692−704.
(472) Graf, A.; Lewis, R. J.; Fuchs, S.; Pagels, M.; Engelmann, S.;
Riedel, K.; Pane-́Farre,́ J. The hidden lipoproteome of Staphylococcus
aureus. Int. J. Med. Microbiol. 2018, 308, 569−581.
(473) Lee, J.; Lee, E.-Y.; Kim, S.-H.; Kim, D.-K.; Park, K.-S.; Kim, K.
P.; Kim, Y.-K.; Roh, T.-Y.; Gho, Y. S. Staphylococcus aureus extracellular

vesicles carry biologically active β-lactamase. Antimicrob. Agents
Chemother. 2013, 57, 2589−2595.
(474) Brown, L.; Wolf, J. M.; Prados-Rosales, R.; Casadevall, A.
Through the wall: extracellular vesicles in Gram-positive bacteria,
mycobacteria and fungi. Nat. Rev. Microbiol. 2015, 13, 620−630.
(475) Wang, X.; Thompson, C. D.; Weidenmaier, C.; Lee, J. C.
Release of Staphylococcus aureus extracellular vesicles and their
application as a vaccine platform. Nat. Commun. 2018, 9, 1379.
(476)Heilbronner, S. Commentary: Staphylococcus aureusmembrane-
derived vesicles promote bacterial virulence and confer Protective
immunity in murine infection models. Front. Microbiol. 2018, 9, 2346.
(477) Andreoni, F.; Toyofuku, M.; Menzi, C.; Kalawong, R.;
Mairpady Shambat, S.; Franco̧is, P.; Zinkernagel, A. S.; Eberl, L.
Antibiotics stimulate vesicles formation in Staphylococcus aureus in a
phage-dependent and independent fashion and via different routes.
Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2019, 63, No. e01439-18.
(478) Lee, S. H.; Park, W. B.; Lee, S.; Park, S.; Kim, S. W.; Lee, J.-M.;
Chang, H. H.; Kwon, K. T.; Choe, P. G.; Kim, N. J.; et al. Association
between Type A blaZ gene polymorphism and cefazolin inoculum
effect in methicillin-susceptible Staphylococcus aureus. Antimicrob.
Agents Chemother. 2016, 60, 6928−6932.
(479) Zygmunt, D. J.; Stratton, C. W.; Kernodle, D. S. Character-
ization of four β-lactamases produced by Staphylococcus aureus.
Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 1992, 36, 440−445.
(480) Olsen, J. E.; Christensen, H.; Aarestrup, F. M. Diversity and
evolution of blaZ from Staphylococcus aureus and coagulase-negative
staphylococci. J. Antimicrob. Chemother. 2006, 57, 450−460.
(481) Moult, J.; Sawyer, L.; Herzberg, O.; Jones, C. L.; Coulson, A. F.;
Green, D. W.; Harding, M. M.; Ambler, R. P. The crystal structure of β-
lactamase from Staphylococcus aureus at 0.5 nm resolution. Biochem. J.
1985, 225, 167−176.
(482)Wang, S. K.; Gilchrist, A.; Loukitcheva, A.; Plotkin, B. J.; Sigar, I.
M.; Gross, A. E.; O’Donnell, J. N.; Pettit, N.; Buros, A.; O’Driscoll, T.;
et al. Prevalence of a cefazolin inoculum effect associated with blaZ gene
types among methicillin-susceptible Staphylococcus aureus isolates from
four major medical centers in Chicago. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother.
2018, 62, No. e00382-18.
(483) Livorsi, D. J.; Crispell, E.; Satola, S. W.; Burd, E. M.; Jerris, R.;
Wang, Y. F.; Farley, M. M. Prevalence of blaZ gene types and the
inoculum effect with cefazolin among bloodstream isolates of
methicillin-susceptible Staphylococcus aureus. Antimicrob. Agents Che-
mother. 2012, 56, 4474−4477.
(484) Chong, Y. P.; Park, S. J.; Kim, E. S.; Bang, K. M.; Kim, M. N.;
Kim, S. H.; Lee, S. O.; Choi, S. H.; Jeong, J. Y.; Woo, J. H.; et al.
Prevalence of blaZ gene types and the cefazolin inoculum effect among
methicillin-susceptible Staphylococcus aureus blood isolates and their
association with multilocus sequence types and clinical outcome. Eur. J.
Clin. Microbiol. Infect. Dis. 2015, 34, 349−355.
(485)Miller,W. R.; Singh, K. V.; Arias, C. A.; Murray, B. E. Adjunctive
clavulanic acid abolishes the cefazolin inoculum effect in an
experimental rat model of methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus
endocarditis. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2018, 62, No. e01158-18.
(486) Lee, B. J.; Wang, S. K.; Constantino-Corpuz, J. K.; Apolinario,
K.; Nadler, B.; McDanel, J. S.; Scheetz, M. H.; Rhodes, N. J. Cefazolin
vs. anti-staphylococcal penicillins for treatment of methicillin-
susceptible Staphylococcus aureus bloodstream infections in acutely ill
adult patients: Results of a systematic review and meta-analysis. Int. J.
Antimicrob. Agents 2019, 53, 225−233.
(487) McDanel, J. S.; Roghmann, M. C.; Perencevich, E. N.; Ohl, M.
E.; Goto, M.; Livorsi, D. J.; Jones, M.; Albertson, J. P.; Nair, R.; O’Shea,
A. M. J.; et al. Comparative effectiveness of cefazolin versus nafcillin or
oxacillin for treatment of methicillin-susceptible Staphylococcus aureus
infections complicated by bacteremia: A nationwide cohort study. Clin.
Infect. Dis. 2017, 65, 100−106.
(488) Weis, S.; Kesselmeier, M.; Davis, J. S.; Morris, A. M.; Lee, S.;
Scherag, A.; Hagel, S.; Pletz, M.W. Cefazolin versus anti-staphylococcal
penicillins for the treatment of patients with Staphylococcus aureus
bacteraemia. Clin. Microbiol. Infect. 2019, 25, 818−827.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3454

https://dx.doi.org/10.1089/mdr.2019.0038
https://dx.doi.org/10.1089/mdr.2019.0038
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01050-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01050-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1101/cshperspect.a030239
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/7355_2017_24
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciy399
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciy399
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciy399
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz498
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz498
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz498
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tim.2016.09.009
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tim.2016.09.009
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/146837a0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/146837a0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/9781555816513.ch62
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/9781555816513.ch62
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1300118110
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1300118110
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1300118110
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.6b12565
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.6b12565
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.6b12565
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/iub.1289
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/iub.1289
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.5b01374
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.5b01374
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.5b01374
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2007.08.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2007.08.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkr437
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.meegid.2018.01.018
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.meegid.2018.01.018
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.meegid.2018.01.018
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.178.2.441-446.1996
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.178.2.441-446.1996
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2017.10.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2017.10.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2018.01.008
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2018.01.008
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00522-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00522-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nrmicro3480
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nrmicro3480
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-018-03847-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-018-03847-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2018.02346
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2018.02346
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2018.02346
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01439-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01439-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01517-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01517-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01517-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.36.2.440
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.36.2.440
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dki492
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dki492
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dki492
https://dx.doi.org/10.1042/bj2250167
https://dx.doi.org/10.1042/bj2250167
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00382-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00382-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00382-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00052-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00052-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00052-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10096-014-2241-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10096-014-2241-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10096-014-2241-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01158-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01158-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01158-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01158-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2018.11.013
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2018.11.013
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2018.11.013
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2018.11.013
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/cix287
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/cix287
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/cix287
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cmi.2019.03.010
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cmi.2019.03.010
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cmi.2019.03.010
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


(489) Bai, A. D.; Showler, A.; Burry, L.; Steinberg, M.; Ricciuto, D. R.;
Fernandes, T.; Chiu, A.; Raybardhan, S.; Science, M.; Fernando, E.;
et al. Comparative effectiveness of cefazolin versus cloxacillin as
definitive antibiotic therapy for MSSA bacteraemia: results from a large
multicentre cohort study. J. Antimicrob. Chemother. 2015, 70, 1539−
1546.
(490) Li, J.; Echevarria, K. L.; Traugott, K. A. β-Lactam therapy for
methicillin-susceptible Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia: a comparative
review of cefazolin versus antistaphylococcal penicillins. Pharmacother-
apy 2017, 37, 346−360.
(491) Loubet, P.; Burdet, C.; Vindrios, W.; Grall, N.; Wolff, M.;
Yazdanpanah, Y.; Andremont, A.; Duval, X.; Lescure, F.-X. Cefazolin
versus anti-staphylococcal penicillins for treatment of methicillin-
susceptible Staphylococcus aureus bacteraemia: a narrative review. Clin.
Microbiol. Infect. 2018, 24, 125−132.
(492) Croes, S.; Beisser, P. S.; Terporten, P. H.; Neef, C.; Deurenberg,
R. H.; Stobberingh, E. E. Diminished in vitro antibacterial activity of
oxacillin against clinical isolates of borderline oxacillin-resistant
Staphylococcus aureus. Clin. Microbiol. Infect. 2010, 16, 979−985.
(493) Hryniewicz, M. M.; Garbacz, K. Borderline oxacillin-resistant
Staphylococcus aureus (BORSA)a more common problem than
expected. J. Med. Microbiol. 2017, 66, 1367−1373.
(494) Scholtzek, A. D.; Hanke, D.; Walther, B.; Eichhorn, I.; Stöckle,
S. D.; Klein, K. S.; Gehlen, H.; Lübke-Becker, A.; Schwarz, S.; Feßler, A.
T. Molecular characterization of equine Staphylococcus aureus isolates
exhibiting reduced oxacillin susceptibility. Toxins 2019, 11, 535.
(495) Sasaki, H.; Ishikawa, H.; Itoh, T.; Arano, M.; Hirata, K.;
Ueshiba, H. Penicillin-binding proteins and associated protein
mutations confer oxacillin/cefoxitin tolerance in borderline oxacillin-
resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Microb. Drug Resist. 2020,
DOI: 10.1089/mdr.2020.0191.
(496) Nomura, R.; Nakaminami, H.; Takasao, K.; Muramatsu, S.;
Kato, Y.; Wajima, T.; Noguchi, N. A class A β-lactamase produced by
borderline oxacillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus hydrolyzes oxacillin.
J. Glob. Antimicrob. Resist. 2020, 22, 244−247.
(497) Belluzo, B. S.; Abriata, L. A.; Giannini, E.; Mihovilcevic, D.; Dal
Peraro, M.; Llarrull, L. I. An experiment-informed signal transduction
model for the role of the Staphylococcus aureus MecR1 protein in β-
lactam resistance. Sci. Rep. 2019, 9, 19558.
(498) Zhang, H. Z.; Hackbarth, C. J.; Chansky, K. M.; Chambers, H.
F. A proteolytic transmembrane signaling pathway and resistance to β-
lactams in staphylococci. Science 2001, 291, 1962−1965.
(499) Garcia-Castellanos, R.; Marrero, A.; Mallorqui-Fernandez, G.;
Potempa, J.; Coll, M.; Gomis-Ruth, F. X. Three-dimensional structure
ofMecI.Molecular basis for transcriptional regulation of staphylococcal
methicillin resistance. J. Biol. Chem. 2003, 278, 39897−39905.
(500) Garcia-Castellanos, R.; Mallorqui-Fernandez, G.; Marrero, A.;
Potempa, J.; Coll, M.; Gomis-Ruth, F. X. On the transcriptional
regulation of methicillin resistance: MecI repressor in complex with its
operator. J. Biol. Chem. 2004, 279, 17888−17896.
(501) Hackbarth, C. J.; Chambers, H. F. blaI and blaR1 regulate β-
lactamase and PBP2a production in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus
aureus. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 1993, 37, 1144−1149.
(502) Katayama, Y.; Zhang, H. Z.; Hong, D.; Chambers, H. F.
Jumping the barrier to β-lactam resistance in Staphylococcus aureus. J.
Bacteriol. 2003, 185, 5465−5472.
(503) Milheirico, C.; Portelinha, A.; Krippahl, L.; de Lencastre, H.;
Oliveira, D. C. Evidence for a purifying selection acting on the β-
lactamase locus in epidemic clones of methicillin-resistant Staph-
ylococcus aureus. BMC Microbiol. 2011, 11, 76.
(504) Ared̂e, P.; Ministro, J.; Oliveira, D. C. Redefining the role of the
β-lactamase locus in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus: β-
lactamase regulators disrupt the MecI-mediated strong repression on
mecA and optimize the phenotypic expression of resistance in strains
with constitutivemecA expression. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2013,
57, 3037−3045.
(505) Safo, M. K.; Zhao, Q.; Ko, T. P.; Musayev, F. N.; Robinson, H.;
Scarsdale, N.; Wang, A. H.; Archer, G. L. Crystal structures of the BlaI
repressor from Staphylococcus aureus and its complex with DNA:

insights into transcriptional regulation of the bla and mec operons. J.
Bacteriol. 2005, 187, 1833−1844.
(506) Safo, M. K.; Ko, T. P.; Musayev, F. N.; Zhao, Q.; Wang, A. H.;
Archer, G. L. Structure of theMecI repressor from Staphylococcus aureus
in complex with the cognate DNA operator of mec. Acta Crystallogr.,
Sect. F: Struct. Biol. Cryst. Commun. 2006, 62, 320−324.
(507) Fileé, P.; Vreuls, C.; Herman, R.; Thamm, I.; Aerts, T.; De
Deyn, P. P.; Frer̀e, J. M.; Joris, B. Dimerization and DNA binding
properties of the Bacillus licheniformis 749/I BlaI repressor. J. Biol.
Chem. 2003, 278, 16482−16487.
(508) Llarrull, L. I.; Prorok, M.; Mobashery, S. Binding of the gene
repressor BlaI to the bla operon in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus
aureus. Biochemistry 2010, 49, 7975−7977.
(509) Blaźquez, B.; Llarrull, L. I.; Luque-Ortega, J. R.; Alfonso, C.;
Boggess, B.; Mobashery, S. Regulation of the expression of the β-lactam
antibiotic-resistance determinants in methicillin-resistant Staphylococ-
cus aureus (MRSA). Biochemistry 2014, 53, 1548−1550.
(510) Gregory, P. D.; Lewis, R. A.; Curnock, S. P.; Dyke, K. G. Studies
of the repressor (BlaI) of β-lactamase synthesis in Staphylococcus aureus.
Mol. Microbiol. 1997, 24, 1025−1037.
(511) Berger-Bachi, B. Genetic basis of methicillin resistance in
Staphylococcus aureus. Cell. Mol. Life Sci. 1999, 56, 764−770.
(512) Fileé, P.; Benlafya, K.; Delmarcelle, M.; Moutzourelis, G.; Frer̀e,
J. M.; Brans, A.; Joris, B. The fate of the BlaI repressor during the
induction of the Bacillus licheniformis BlaP β-lactamase. Mol. Microbiol.
2002, 44, 685−694.
(513) Amoroso, A.; Boudet, J.; Berzigotti, S.; Duval, S.; Teller, N.;
Mengin-Lecreulx, D.; Luxen, A.; Simorre, J.-P.; Joris, B. A
peptidoglycan fragment triggers β-lactam resistance in Bacillus
licheniformis. PLoS Pathog. 2012, 8, No. e1002571.
(514) Pence, M. A.; Haste, N.M.; Meharena, H. S.; Olson, J.; Gallo, R.
L.; Nizet, V.; Kristian, S. A. β-Lactamase repressor BlaI modulates
Staphylococcus aureus cathelicidin antimicrobial peptide resistance and
virulence. PLoS One 2015, 10, No. e0136605.
(515) Joris, B.; Ledent, P.; Kobayashi, T.; Lampen, J. O.; Ghuysen, J.
M. Expression in Escherichia coli of the carboxy terminal domain of the
blaR sensory-transducer protein of Bacillus licheniformis as a water-
soluble Mr 26,000 penicillin-binding protein. FEMS Microbiol. Lett.
1990, 70, 107−113.
(516) Golemi-Kotra, D.; Cha, J. Y.; Meroueh, S. O.; Vakulenko, S. B.;
Mobashery, S. Resistance to β-lactam antibiotics and its mediation by
the sensor domain of the transmembrane BlaR signaling pathway in
Staphylococcus aureus. J. Biol. Chem. 2003, 278, 18419−18425.
(517) Zhu, Y. F.; Curran, I. H.; Joris, B.; Ghuysen, J. M.; Lampen, J. O.
Identification of BlaR, the signal transducer for β-lactamase production
in Bacillus licheniformis, as a penicillin-binding protein with strong
homology to the OXA-2 β-lactamase (class D) of Salmonella
typhimurium. J. Bacteriol. 1990, 172, 1137−1141.
(518) Kerff, F.; Charlier, P.; Colombo, M. L.; Sauvage, E.; Brans, A.;
Frer̀e, J. M.; Joris, B.; Fonze,́ E. Crystal structure of the sensor domain of
the BlaR penicillin receptor from Bacillus licheniformis. Biochemistry
2003, 42, 12835−12843.
(519) Birck, C.; Cha, J. Y.; Cross, J.; Schulze-Briese, C.; Meroueh, S.
O.; Schlegel, H. B.; Mobashery, S.; Samama, J. P. X-ray crystal structure
of the acylated β-lactam sensor domain of BlaR1 from Staphylococcus
aureus and themechanism of receptor activation for signal transduction.
J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2004, 126, 13945−13947.
(520) Wilke, M. S.; Hills, T. L.; Zhang, H. Z.; Chambers, H. F.;
Strynadka, N. C. Crystal structures of the apo and penicillin-acylated
forms of the BlaR1 β-lactam sensor of Staphylococcus aureus. J. Biol.
Chem. 2004, 279, 47278−47287.
(521) Llarrull, L. I.; Fisher, J. F.; Mobashery, S. Molecular basis and
phenotype of methicillin resistance in Staphylococcus aureus and insights
into new β-lactams that meet the challenge. Antimicrob. Agents
Chemother. 2009, 53, 4051−4063.
(522) Golemi, D.; Maveyraud, L.; Vakulenko, S.; Samama, J. P.;
Mobashery, S. Critical involvement of a carbamylated lysine in catalytic
function of class D β-lactamases. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2001, 98,
14280−14285.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3455

https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dku560
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dku560
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dku560
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/phar.1892
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/phar.1892
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/phar.1892
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cmi.2017.07.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cmi.2017.07.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cmi.2017.07.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1469-0691.2010.02956.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1469-0691.2010.02956.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1469-0691.2010.02956.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1099/jmm.0.000585
https://dx.doi.org/10.1099/jmm.0.000585
https://dx.doi.org/10.1099/jmm.0.000585
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/toxins11090535
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/toxins11090535
https://dx.doi.org/10.1089/mdr.2020.0191
https://dx.doi.org/10.1089/mdr.2020.0191
https://dx.doi.org/10.1089/mdr.2020.0191
https://dx.doi.org/10.1089/mdr.2020.0191?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jgar.2020.03.002
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jgar.2020.03.002
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-019-55923-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-019-55923-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-019-55923-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/science.1055144
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/science.1055144
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M307199200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M307199200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M307199200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M313123200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M313123200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M313123200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.37.5.1144
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.37.5.1144
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.37.5.1144
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.185.18.5465-5472.2003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1186/1471-2180-11-76
https://dx.doi.org/10.1186/1471-2180-11-76
https://dx.doi.org/10.1186/1471-2180-11-76
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02621-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02621-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02621-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02621-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02621-12
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.187.5.1833-1844.2005
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.187.5.1833-1844.2005
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.187.5.1833-1844.2005
https://dx.doi.org/10.1107/S1744309106009742
https://dx.doi.org/10.1107/S1744309106009742
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M210887200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M210887200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi101177a
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi101177a
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi101177a
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi500074w
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi500074w
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi500074w
https://dx.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-2958.1997.4051770.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-2958.1997.4051770.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s000180050023
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s000180050023
https://dx.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-2958.2002.02888.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1046/j.1365-2958.2002.02888.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1002571
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1002571
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1002571
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0136605
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0136605
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0136605
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6968.1990.tb03785.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6968.1990.tb03785.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6968.1990.tb03785.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M300611200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M300611200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M300611200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.172.2.1137-1141.1990
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.172.2.1137-1141.1990
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.172.2.1137-1141.1990
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.172.2.1137-1141.1990
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi034976a
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi034976a
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja044742u
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja044742u
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja044742u
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M407054200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M407054200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00084-09
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00084-09
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00084-09
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.241442898
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.241442898
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


(523) Maveyraud, L.; Golemi-Kotra, D.; Ishiwata, A.; Meroueh, O.;
Mobashery, S.; Samama, J. P. High-resolution X-ray structure of an acyl-
enzyme species for the class D OXA-10 β-lactamase. J. Am. Chem. Soc.
2002, 124, 2461−2465.
(524) Evans, B. A.; Amyes, S. G. B. OXA β-Lactamases.Clin. Microbiol.
Rev. 2014, 27, 241−263.
(525) Li, J.; Cross, J. B.; Vreven, T.; Meroueh, S. O.; Mobashery, S.;
Schlegel, H. B. Lysine carboxylation in proteins: OXA-10 β-lactamase.
Proteins: Struct., Funct., Genet. 2005, 61, 246−257.
(526) Thumanu, K.; Cha, J.; Fisher, J. F.; Perrins, R.; Mobashery, S.;
Wharton, C. Discrete steps in sensing of β-lactam antibiotics by the
BlaR1 protein of the methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus
bacterium. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2006, 103, 10630−10635.
(527) Cha, J. Y.; Mobashery, S. Lysine Nζ-decarboxylation in the
BlaR1 protein from Staphylococcus aureus at the root of its function as an
antibiotic sensor. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2007, 129, 3834−3835.
(528) Borbulevych, O.; Kumarasiri, M.; Wilson, B.; Llarrull, L. I.; Lee,
M.; Hesek, D.; Shi, Q.; Peng, J.; Baker, B. M.; Mobashery, S. Lysine Nζ-
decarboxylation switch and activation of the β-lactam sensor domain of
BlaR1 protein of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. J. Biol.
Chem. 2011, 286, 31466−31472.
(529) Marrero, A.; Mallorqui-Fernandez, G.; Guevara, T.; Garcia-
Castellanos, R.; Gomis-Ruth, F. X. Unbound and acylated structures of
the MecR1 extracellular antibiotic-sensor domain provide insights into
the signal-transduction system that triggers methicillin resistance. J.
Mol. Biol. 2006, 361, 506−521.
(530) Cha, J.; Vakulenko, S. B.; Mobashery, S. Characterization of the
β-lactam antibiotic sensor domain of the MecR1 signal sensor/
transducer protein from methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Biochemistry 2007, 46, 7822−7831.
(531) Hanique, S.; Colombo, M. L.; Goormaghtigh, E.; Soumillion,
P.; Frer̀e, J. M.; Joris, B. Evidence of an intramolecular interaction
between the two domains of the BlaR1 penicillin receptor during the
signal transduction. J. Biol. Chem. 2004, 279, 14264−14272.
(532) Mescola, A.; Dauvin, M.; Amoroso, A.; Duwez, A. S.; Joris, B.
Single-molecule force spectroscopy to decipher the early signalling step
in membrane-bound penicillin receptors embedded into a lipid bilayer.
Nanoscale 2019, 11, 12275−12284.
(533) Frederick, T. E.; Wilson, B. D.; Cha, J.; Mobashery, S.; Peng, J.
W. Revealing cell-surface intramolecular interactions in the BlaR1
protein of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus by NMR spec-
troscopy. Biochemistry 2014, 53, 10−12.
(534) Staude, M. W.; Frederick, T. E.; Natarajan, S. V.; Wilson, B. D.;
Tanner, C. E.; Ruggiero, S. T.; Mobashery, S.; Peng, J. W. Investigation
of signal transduction routes within the sensor/transducer protein
BlaR1 of Staphylococcus aureus. Biochemistry 2015, 54, 1600−1610.
(535) Frederick, T. E.; Peng, J. W. A gratuitous β-lactamase inducer
uncovers hidden active site dynamics of the Staphylococcus aureus BlaR1
sensor domain. PLoS One 2018, 13, No. e0197241.
(536) Peng, J.; Cheng, G.; Huang, L.; Wang, Y.; Hao, H.; Peng, D.;
Liu, Z.; Yuan, Z. Development of a direct ELISA based on carboxy-
terminal of penicillin-binding protein BlaR for the detection of β-lactam
antibiotics in foods. Anal. Bioanal. Chem. 2013, 405, 8925−8933.
(537) Li, Y.; Xu, X.; Liu, L.; Kuang, H.; Xu, L.; Xu, C. Rapid detection
of 21 β-lactams using an immunochromatographic assay based on the
mutant BlaR-CTD protein from Bacillus licheniformis. Analyst 2020,
145, 3257−3265.
(538) Oliveira, D. C.; de Lencastre, H. Methicillin-resistance in
Staphylococcus aureus is not affected by the overexpression in trans of
the mecA gene repressor: a surprising observation. PLoS One 2011, 6,
No. e23287.
(539) Liu, P.; Xue, H.; Wu, Z.; Ma, J.; Zhao, X. Effect of bla regulators
on the susceptible phenotype and phenotypic conversion for oxacillin-
susceptiblemecA-positive staphylococcal isolates. J. Antimicrob. Chemo-
ther. 2016, 71, 2105−2112.
(540) Lewis, R. A.; Curnock, S. P.; Dyke, K. G. Proteolytic cleavage of
the repressor (BlaI) of β-lactamase synthesis in Staphylococcus aureus.
FEMS Microbiol. Lett. 1999, 178, 271−275.

(541) Llarrull, L. I.; Toth, M.; Champion, M. M.; Mobashery, S.
Activation of BlaR1 protein of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus
aureus, its proteolytic processing, and recovery from induction of
resistance. J. Biol. Chem. 2011, 286, 38148−38158.
(542) Llarrull, L. I.; Mobashery, S. Dissection of events in the
resistance to β-lactam antibiotics mediated by the protein BlaR1 from
Staphylococcus aureus. Biochemistry 2012, 51, 4642−4649.
(543) Berzigotti, S.; Benlafya, K.; Seṕulchre, J.; Amoroso, A.; Joris, B.
Bacillus licheniformis BlaR1 L3 loop is a zinc metalloprotease activated
by self-proteolysis. PLoS One 2012, 7, No. e36400.
(544) Lopez-Pelegrin, M.; Cerda-Costa, N.; Martinez-Jimenez, F.;
Cintas-Pedrola, A.; Canals, A.; Peinado, J. R.; Marti-Renom, M. A.;
Lopez-Otin, C.; Arolas, J. L.; Gomis-Ruth, F. X. A novel family of
soluble minimal scaffolds provides structural insight into the catalytic
domains of integral membrane metallopeptidases. J. Biol. Chem. 2013,
288, 21279−21294.
(545) Lindsay, J. A. Staphylococci: Evolving Genomes. Microbiol.
Spectrum 2019, 7, GPP3-0071.
(546) Strauß, L.; Stegger, M.; Akpaka, P. E.; Alabi, A.; Breurec, S.;
Coombs, G.; Egyir, B.; Larsen, A. R.; Laurent, F.; Monecke, S.; et al.
Origin, evolution, and global transmission of community-acquired
Staphylococcus aureus ST8. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2017, 114,
E10596−E10604.
(547) Tromp, A. T.; van Strijp, J. A. G. Studying staphylococcal
leukocidins: a challenging endeavor. Front. Microbiol. 2020, 11, 611.
(548) Paterson, G. K.; Harrison, E. M.; Holmes, M. A. The emergence
of mecC methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Trends Microbiol.
2014, 22, 42−47.
(549) Ballhausen, B.; Kriegeskorte, A.; Schleimer, N.; Peters, G.;
Becker, K. The mecA homolog mecC confers resistance against β-
lactams in Staphylococcus aureus irrespective of the genetic strain
background. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2014, 58, 3791−3798.
(550) Becker, K.; Ballhausen, B.; Kock, R.; Kriegeskorte, A.
Methicillin resistance in Staphylococcus isolates: the “mec alphabet”
with specific consideration of mecC, a mec homolog associated with
zoonotic S. aureus lineages. Int. J. Med. Microbiol. 2014, 304, 794−804.
(551) Ford, B. A.mecC-Harboring methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus
aureus: hiding in plain sight. J. Clin. Microbiol. 2018, 56, No. e01549-17.
(552) Kriegeskorte, A.; Idelevich, E. A.; Schlattmann, A.; Layer, F.;
Strommenger, B.; Denis, O.; Paterson, G. K.; Holmes, M. A.; Werner,
G.; Becker, K. Comparison of different phenotypic approaches to
screen and detect mecC-harboring methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus
aureus. J. Clin. Microbiol. 2018, 56, No. e00826-17.
(553) McClure, J.-A.; Conly, J. M.; Obasuyi, O.; Ward, L.; Ugarte-
Torres, A.; Louie, T.; Zhang, K. A novel assay for detection of
methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus directly from clinical
samples. Front. Microbiol. 2020, 11, 1295.
(554) Kim, C.; Milheirico̧, C.; Gardete, S.; Holmes, M. A.; Holden, M.
T. G.; de Lencastre, H.; Tomasz, A. Properties of a novel PBP2A
protein homolog from Staphylococcus aureus strain LGA251 and its
contribution to the β-lactam-resistant phenotype. J. Biol. Chem. 2012,
287, 36854−36863.
(555) Kim, C.; Mwangi, M.; Chung, M.; Milheirco̧, C.; de Lencastre,
H.; Tomasz, A. Themechanism of heterogeneous β-lactam resistance in
MRSA: Key role of the stringent sress response. PLoS One 2013, 8,
No. e82814.
(556) Arhin, F. F.; Sarmiento, I.; Moeck, G. In vitro activities of
oritavancin and comparators against meticillin-resistant Staphylococcus
aureus (MRSA) isolates harbouring the novel mecC gene. Int. J.
Antimicrob. Agents 2014, 44, 65−68.
(557) Lim, D.; Strynadka, N. C. J. Structural basis for the β-lactam
resistance of PBP2a from methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Nat. Struct. Biol. 2002, 9, 870−876.
(558) Lovering, A. L.; Gretes,M. C.; Safadi, S. S.; Danel, F.; DeCastro,
L.; Page, M. G. P.; Strynadka, N. C. Structural insights into the anti-
methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) activity of ceftobi-
prole. J. Biol. Chem. 2012, 287, 32096−32102.
(559) Fuda, C.; Suvorov, M.; Vakulenko, S. B.; Mobashery, S. The
basis for resistance to β-lactam antibiotics by penicillin-binding protein

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3456

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja016736t
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja016736t
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/CMR.00117-13
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/prot.20596
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0601971103
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0601971103
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0601971103
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja070472e
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja070472e
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja070472e
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M111.252189
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M111.252189
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M111.252189
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2006.06.046
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2006.06.046
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2006.06.046
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi7005459
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi7005459
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi7005459
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M313488200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M313488200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M313488200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C9NR02466B
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C9NR02466B
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi401552j
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi401552j
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi401552j
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi501463k
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi501463k
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi501463k
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0197241
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0197241
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0197241
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00216-013-7311-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00216-013-7311-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00216-013-7311-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/D0AN00421A
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/D0AN00421A
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/D0AN00421A
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0023287
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0023287
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0023287
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkw123
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkw123
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkw123
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6968.1999.tb08687.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1574-6968.1999.tb08687.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M111.288985
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M111.288985
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M111.288985
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi300429p
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi300429p
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi300429p
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0036400
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0036400
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M113.476580
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M113.476580
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M113.476580
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/microbiolspec.GPP3-0071-2019
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1702472114
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1702472114
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2020.00611
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2020.00611
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tim.2013.11.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tim.2013.11.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02731-13
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02731-13
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02731-13
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2014.06.007
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2014.06.007
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2014.06.007
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JCM.01549-17
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JCM.01549-17
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JCM.00826-17
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JCM.00826-17
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JCM.00826-17
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2020.01295
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2020.01295
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2020.01295
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M112.395962
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M112.395962
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M112.395962
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0082814
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0082814
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2014.03.015
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2014.03.015
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2014.03.015
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nsb858
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nsb858
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M112.355644
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M112.355644
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M112.355644
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M403589200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M403589200
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


2a of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. J. Biol. Chem. 2004,
279, 40802−40806.
(560) Fuda, C.; Hesek, D.; Lee, M.; Morio, K.; Nowak, T.;
Mobashery, S. Activation for catalysis of penicillin-binding protein 2a
from methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus by bacterial cell wall. J.
Am. Chem. Soc. 2005, 127, 2056−2057.
(561) Fuda, C.; Hesek, D.; Lee, M.; Heilmayer, W.; Novak, R.;
Vakulenko, S. B.; Mobashery, S. Mechanistic basis for the action of new
cephalosporin antibiotics effective against methicillin- and vancomycin-
resistant Staphylococcus aureus. J. Biol. Chem. 2006, 281, 10035−10041.
(562) Lemaire, S.; Fuda, C.; Van Bambeke, F.; Tulkens, P. M.;
Mobashery, S. Restoration of susceptibility of methicillin-resistant
Staphylococcus aureus to β-lactam antibiotics by acidic pH: role of
PBP2a. J. Biol. Chem. 2008, 283, 12769−12776.
(563) Fishovitz, J.; Rojas-Altuve, A.; Otero, L. H.; Dawley, M.;
Carrasco-Lopez, C.; Chang, M.; Hermoso, J. A.; Mobashery, S.
Disruption of allosteric response as an unprecedented mechanism of
resistance to antibiotics. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2014, 136, 9814−9817.
(564) Gloriam, D. E. Bigger is better in virtual drug screens. Nature
2019, 566, 193−194.
(565) Janardhanan, J.; Chang, M.; Mobashery, S. The oxadiazole
antibacterials. Curr. Opin. Microbiol. 2016, 33, 13−17.
(566) O’Daniel, P. I.; Peng, Z.; Pi, H.; Testero, S. A.; Ding, D.; Spink,
E.; Leemans, E.; Boudreau, M. A.; Yamaguchi, T.; Schroeder, V. A.;
et al. Discovery of a new class of non-β-lactam inhibitors of penicillin-
binding proteins with Gram-positive antibacterial activity. J. Am. Chem.
Soc. 2014, 136, 3664−3672.
(567) Ding, D.; Boudreau, M. A.; Leemans, E.; Spink, E.; Yamaguchi,
T.; Testero, S. A.; O’Daniel, P. I.; Lastochkin, E.; Chang, M.;
Mobashery, S. Exploration of the structure-activity relationship of 1,2,4-
oxadiazole antibiotics. Bioorg. Med. Chem. Lett. 2015, 25, 4854−4857.
(568) Spink, E.; Ding, D.; Peng, Z.; Boudreau, M. A.; Leemans, E.;
Lastochkin, E.; Song, W.; Lichtenwalter, K.; O’Daniel, P. I.; Testero, S.
A.; et al. Structure-activity relationship for the oxadiazole class of
antibiotics. J. Med. Chem. 2015, 58, 1380−1389.
(569) Boudreau, M. A.; Ding, D.; Meisel, J. E.; Janardhanan, J.; Spink,
E.; Peng, Z.; Qian, Y.; Yamaguchi, T.; Testero, S. A.; O’Daniel, P. I.;
et al. SAR for the Oxadiazole Class of Antibacterials. ACS Med. Chem.
Lett. 2020, 11, 322−326.
(570) Janardhanan, J.;Meisel, J. E.; Ding, D.; Schroeder, V. A.;Wolter,
W. R.; Mobashery, S.; Chang, M. In vitro and in vivo synergy of the
oxadiazole class of antibacterials with β-lactams. Antimicrob. Agents
Chemother. 2016, 60, 5581−5588.
(571) Ceballos, S.; Kim, C.; Ding, D.; Mobashery, S.; Chang, M.;
Torres, C. Activities of oxadiazole antibacterials against Staphylococcus
aureus and other Gram-positive bacteria. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother.
2018, 62, No. e00453-18.
(572) Tresse, C.; Radigue, R.; Von Borowski, R. G.; Thepaut, M.; Le,
H. H.; Demay, F.; Georgeault, S.; Dhalluin, A.; Trautwetter, A.; Ermel,
G.; et al. Synthesis and evaluation of 1,3,4-oxadiazole derivatives for
development as broad-spectrum antibiotics. Bioorg. Med. Chem. 2019,
27, 115097.
(573) Naclerio, G. A.; Abutaleb, N. S.; Onyedibe, K. I.; Seleem, M. N.;
Sintim, H. O. Potent trifluoromethoxy, trifluoromethylsulfonyl,
trifluoromethylthio and pentafluorosulfanyl containing (1,3,4-oxadia-
zol-2-yl)benzamides against drug-resistant Gram-positive bacteria. RSC
Med. Chem. 2020, 11, 102−110.
(574) Xiao, Q.; Vakulenko, S.; Chang,M.; Mobashery, S. Mutations in
mmpL and in the cell wall stress stimulon contribute to resistance to
oxadiazole antibiotics in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2014, 58, 5841−5847.
(575) Bouley, R.; Ding, D.; Peng, Z.; Bastian, M.; Lastochkin, E.;
Song, W.; Suckow, M. A.; Schroeder, V. A.; Wolter, W. R.; Mobashery,
S.; et al. Structure-activity relationship for the 4(3H)-quinazolinone
antibacterials. J. Med. Chem. 2016, 59, 5011−5021.
(576) Qureshi, S. I.; Chaudhari, H. K. Design, synthesis, in-silico
studies and biological screening of quinazolinone analogues as potential
antibacterial agents againstMRSA. Bioorg. Med. Chem. 2019, 27, 2676−
2688.

(577) Gatadi, S.; Lakshmi, T. V.; Nanduri, S. 4(3H)-Quinazolinone
derivatives: Promising antibacterial drug leads. Eur. J. Med. Chem. 2019,
170, 157−172.
(578) Qian, Y.; Allegretta, G.; Janardhanan, J.; Peng, Z.; Mahasenan,
K. V.; Lastochkin, E.; Gozun, M. M. N.; Tejera, S.; Schroeder, V. A.;
Wolter, W. R.; et al. Exploration of the structural space in 4(3H)-
quinazolinone antibacterials. J. Med. Chem. 2020, 63, 5287−5296.
(579) Leggott, A.; Clarke, J. E.; Chow, S.; Warriner, S. L.; O’Neill, A.
J.; Nelson, A. Activity-directed expansion of a series of antibacterial
agents. Chem. Commun. 2020, 56, 8047−8050.
(580) Bouley, R.; Kumarasiri, M.; Peng, Z.; Otero, L. H.; Song, W.;
Suckow, M. A.; Schroeder, V. A.; Wolter, W. R.; Lastochkin, E.;
Antunes, N. T.; et al. Discovery of antibiotic (E)-3-(3-carboxyphenyl)-
2-(4-cyanostyryl)quinazolin-4(3H)-one. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2015, 137,
1738−1741.
(581) Janardhanan, J.; Bouley, R.; Martínez-Caballero, S.; Peng, Z.;
Batuecas-Mordillo, M.; Meisel, J. E.; Ding, D.; Schroeder, V. A.; Wolter,
W. R.; Mahasenan, K. V.; et al. The quinazolinone allosteric inhibitor of
PBP2a synergizes with piperacillin and tazobactam against methicillin-
resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2019, 63,
No. e02637-18.
(582) Ceballos, S.; Kim, C.; Qian, Y.; Mobashery, S.; Chang, M.;
Torres, C. Susceptibility of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus to
five quinazolinone antibacterials. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2019,
64, No. e01344-19.
(583) Wang, H.; Claveau, D.; Vaillancourt, J. P.; Roemer, T.;
Meredith, T. C. High-frequency transposition for determining
antibacterial mode of action. Nat. Chem. Biol. 2011, 7, 720−729.
(584) Jadhavar, P. S.; Dhameliya, T. M.; Vaja, M. D.; Kumar, D.;
Sridevi, J. P.; Yogeeswari, P.; Sriram, D.; Chakraborti, A. K. Synthesis,
biological evaluation and structure-activity relationship of 2-styrylqui-
nazolones as anti-tubercular agents. Bioorg. Med. Chem. Lett. 2016, 26,
2663−2669.
(585) Gatadi, S.; Gour, J.; Shukla, M.; Kaul, G.; Dasgupta, A.;
Madhavi, Y. V.; Chopra, S.; Nanduri, S. Synthesis and evaluation of new
quinazolin-4(3H)-one derivatives as potent antibacterial agents against
multidrug resistant Staphylococcus aureus and Mycobacterium tuber-
culosis. Eur. J. Med. Chem. 2019, 175, 287−308.
(586) Gatadi, S.; Nanduri, S. New potential drug leads against MDR-
MTB: A short review. Bioorg. Chem. 2020, 95, 103534.
(587) Shao, X.; AbdelKhalek, A.; Abutaleb, N. S.; Velagapudi, U. K.;
Yoganathan, S.; Seleem, M. N.; Talele, T. T. Chemical space
exploration around thieno[3,2-d]pyrimidin-4(3H)-one scaffold led to
a novel class of highly active Clostridium dif f icile inhibitors. J. Med.
Chem. 2019, 62, 9772−9791.
(588) Hughes, D. L. Patent Review of Manufacturing Routes to Fifth-
Generation Cephalosporin Drugs. Part 2, Ceftaroline Fosamil and
Ceftobiprole Medocaril. Org. Process Res. Dev. 2017, 21, 800−815.
(589) Destache, C. J.; Guervil, D. J.; Kaye, K. S. Ceftaroline fosamil for
the treatment of Gram-positive endocarditis: CAPTURE study
experience. Int. J. Antimicrob. Agents 2019, 53, 644−649.
(590)Welte, T.; Kantecki, M.; Stone, G. G.; Hammond, J. Ceftaroline
fosamil as a potential treatment option for Staphylococcus aureus
community-acquired pneumonia in adults. Int. J. Antimicrob. Agents
2019, 54, 410−422.
(591) Chiang, Y.; Wong, M. T. Y.; Essex, J. W. Molecular dynamics
simulations of antibiotic ceftaroline at the allosteric site of Penicillin-
binding Protein 2a (PBP2a). Isr. J. Chem. 2020, 60, 754−763.
(592) Jensen, C.; Fosberg, M. J.; Thalsø-Madsen, I.; Bæk, K. T.; Frees,
D. Staphylococcus aureus ClpX localizes at the division septum and
impacts transcription of genes involved in cell division, T7-secretion,
and SaPI5-excision. Sci. Rep. 2019, 9, 16456.
(593) Kim, G. L.; Akoolo, L.; Parker, D. The ClpXP protease
contributes to Staphylococcus aureus pneumonia. J. Infect. Dis. 2020,
222, 1400−1404.
(594) Gatsogiannis, C.; Balogh, D.; Merino, F.; Sieber, S. A.; Raunser,
S. Cryo-EM structure of the ClpXP protein degradation machinery.
Nat. Struct. Mol. Biol. 2019, 26, 946−954.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3457

https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M403589200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja0434376
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja0434376
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M508846200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M508846200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M508846200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M800079200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M800079200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M800079200
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja5030657
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja5030657
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/d41586-019-00145-6
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2016.05.009
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2016.05.009
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja500053x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja500053x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmcl.2015.06.044
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmcl.2015.06.044
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jm501661f
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jm501661f
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsmedchemlett.9b00379
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00787-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00787-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00453-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00453-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmc.2019.115097
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmc.2019.115097
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C9MD00391F
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C9MD00391F
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C9MD00391F
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.03501-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.03501-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.03501-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.6b00372
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.6b00372
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmc.2019.05.012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmc.2019.05.012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmc.2019.05.012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejmech.2019.03.018
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejmech.2019.03.018
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.0c00153
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.0c00153
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/D0CC02361B
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/D0CC02361B
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.5b00056
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.5b00056
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02637-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02637-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02637-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01344-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01344-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.643
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.643
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmcl.2016.04.012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmcl.2016.04.012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmcl.2016.04.012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejmech.2019.04.067
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejmech.2019.04.067
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejmech.2019.04.067
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejmech.2019.04.067
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bioorg.2019.103534
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bioorg.2019.103534
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.9b01198
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.9b01198
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.9b01198
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.oprd.7b00143
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.oprd.7b00143
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.oprd.7b00143
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2019.01.014
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2019.01.014
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2019.01.014
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2019.08.012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2019.08.012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2019.08.012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/ijch.202000012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/ijch.202000012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/ijch.202000012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-019-52823-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-019-52823-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-019-52823-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/infdis/jiaa251
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/infdis/jiaa251
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41594-019-0304-0
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


(595) Fei, X.; Bell, T. A.; Jenni, S.; Stinson, B. M.; Baker, T. A.;
Harrison, S. C.; Sauer, R. T. Structures of the ATP-fueled ClpXP
proteolytic machine bound to protein substrate. eLife 2020, 9,
No. e52744.
(596) Ripstein, Z. A.; Vahidi, S.; Houry, W. A.; Rubinstein, J. L.; Kay,
L. E. A processive rotary mechanism couples substrate unfolding and
proteolysis in the ClpXP degradation machinery. eLife 2020, 9,
No. e52158.
(597) Bottcher, T.; Sieber, S. A. β-Lactones as specific inhibitors of
ClpP attenuate the production of extracellular virulence factors of
Staphylococcus aureus. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2008, 130, 14400−14401.
(598) Zeiler, E.; Korotkov, V. S.; Lorenz-Baath, K.; Bottcher, T.;
Sieber, S. A. Development and characterization of improved β-lactone-
based anti-virulence drugs targeting ClpP. Bioorg. Med. Chem. 2012, 20,
583−591.
(599) Hackl, M. W.; Lakemeyer, M.; Dahmen, M.; Glaser, M.; Pahl,
A.; Lorenz-Baath, K.; Menzel, T.; Sievers, S.; Böttcher, T.; Antes, I.;
et al. Phenyl esters are potent inhibitors of caseinolytic protease P and
reveal a stereogenic switch for deoligomerization. J. Am. Chem. Soc.
2015, 137, 8475−8483.
(600) Goodreid, J. D.; Janetzko, J.; Santa Maria, J. P., Jr.; Wong, K. S.;
Leung, E.; Eger, B. T.; Bryson, S.; Pai, E. F.; Gray-Owen, S. D.; Walker,
S.; et al. Development and characterization of potent cyclic
acyldepsipeptide analogues with increased antimicrobial activity. J.
Med. Chem. 2016, 59, 624−646.
(601) Lee, B. G.; Park, E. Y.; Lee, K. E.; Jeon, H.; Sung, K. H.; Paulsen,
H.; Rubsamen-Schaeff, H.; Brotz-Oesterhelt, H.; Song, H. K. Structures
of ClpP in complex with acyldepsipeptide antibiotics reveal its
activation mechanism. Nat. Struct. Mol. Biol. 2010, 17, 471−478.
(602) Jacques, S.; van der Sloot, A. M.; Huard, C.; Coulombe-
Huntington, J.; Tsao, S.; Tollis, S.; Bertomeu, T.; Culp, E. J.; Pallant, D.;
Cook, M. A.; et al. Imipridone Anticancer Compounds Ectopically
Activate the ClpP Protease and Represent a New Scaffold for Antibiotic
Development. Genetics 2020, 214, 1103−1120.
(603) Conlon, B. P.; Nakayasu, E. S.; Fleck, L. E.; LaFleur, M. D.;
Isabella, V. M.; Coleman, K.; Leonard, S. N.; Smith, R. D.; Adkins, J. N.;
Lewis, K. Activated ClpP kills persisters and eradicates a chronic biofilm
infection. Nature 2013, 503, 365−370.
(604) Culp, E.; Wright, G. D. Bacterial proteases, untapped
antimicrobial drug targets. J. Antibiot. 2017, 70, 366−377.
(605) Lakemeyer, M.; Zhao, W.; Mandl, F. A.; Hammann, P.; Sieber,
S. A. Thinking outside the box-novel antibacterials to tackle the
resistance crisis. Angew. Chem., Int. Ed. 2018, 57, 14440−14475.
(606) Fetzer, C.; Korotkov, V. S.; Tha ̈nert, R.; Lee, K. M.;
Neuenschwander, M.; von Kries, J. P.; Medina, E.; Sieber, S. A. A
chemical disruptor of the ClpX chaperone complex attenuates the
virulence of multidrug-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Angew. Chem.,
Int. Ed. 2017, 56, 15746−15750.
(607) Felix, J.; Weinhaüpl, K.; Chipot, C.; Dehez, F.; Hessel, A.;
Gauto, D. F.; Morlot, C.; Abian, O.; Gutsche, I.; Velazquez-Campoy,
A.; et al. Mechanism of the allosteric activation of the ClpP protease
machinery by substrates and active-site inhibitors. Sci. Adv. 2019, 5,
No. eaaw3818.
(608) Ju, Y.; He, L.; Zhou, Y.; Yang, T.; Sun, K.; Song, R.; Yang, Y.; Li,
C.; Sang, Z.; Bao, R.; et al. Discovery of novel peptidomimetic boronate
ClpP inhibitors with noncanonical enzyme mechanism as potent
virulence blockers in vitro and in vivo. J. Med. Chem. 2020, 63, 3104−
3119.
(609) Gao, P.; Ho, P. L.; Yan, B.; Sze, K. H.; Davies, J.; Kao, R. Y. T.
Suppression of Staphylococcus aureus virulence by a small-molecule
compound. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2018, 115, 8003−8008.
(610) Bæk, K. T.; Gründling, A.; Mogensen, R. G.; Thøgersen, L.;
Petersen, A.; Paulander, W.; Frees, D. β-Lactam resistance in
methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus USA300 Is increased by
inactivation of the ClpXP protease.Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2014,
58, 4593−4603.
(611) Jensen, C.; Bæk, K. T.; Gallay, C.; Thalsø-Madsen, I.; Xu, L.;
Jousselin, A.; Ruiz Torrubia, F.; Paulander, W.; Pereira, A. R.; Veening,
J. W.; et al. The ClpX chaperone controls autolytic splitting of

Staphylococcus aureus daughter cells, but is bypassed by β-lactam
antibiotics or inhibitors of WTA biosynthesis. PLoS Pathog. 2019, 15,
No. e1008044.
(612) Thalsø-Madsen, I.; Torrubia, F. R.; Xu, L.; Petersen, A.; Jensen,
C.; Frees, D. The Sle1 cell wall amidase Is essential for β-lactam
resistance in community-acquired methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus
aureus USA300. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2019, 64, No. e01931-
19.
(613) Camberg, J. L.; Hoskins, J. R.; Wickner, S. ClpXP protease
degrades the cytoskeletal protein, FtsZ, and modulates FtsZ polymer
dynamics. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2009, 106, 10614−10619.
(614) Haeusser, D. P.; Lee, A. H.; Weart, R. B.; Levin, P. A. ClpX
inhibits FtsZ assembly in a manner that does not require its ATP
hydrolysis-dependent chaperone activity. J. Bacteriol. 2009, 191, 1986−
1991.
(615) Sugimoto, S.; Yamanaka, K.; Nishikori, S.; Miyagi, A.; Ando, T.;
Ogura, T. AAA+ chaperone ClpX regurates dynamics of prokaryotic
cytoskeletal protein FtsZ. J. Biol. Chem. 2010, 285, 6648−6657.
(616) Sass, P.; Josten, M.; Famulla, K.; Schiffer, G.; Sahl, H. G.;
Hamoen, L.; Brotz-Oesterhelt, H. Antibiotic acyldepsipeptides activate
ClpP peptidase to degrade the cell division protein FtsZ. Proc. Natl.
Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2011, 108, 17474−17479.
(617) Ortiz, C.; Natale, P.; Cueto, L.; Vicente, M. The keepers of the
ring: regulators of FtsZ assembly. FEMS Microbiol. Rev. 2016, 40, 57−
67.
(618) Silber, N.; Pan, S.; Schak̈ermann, S.; Mayer, C.; Brötz-
Oesterhelt, H.; Sass, P. Cell division protein FtsZ Is unfolded for N-
terminal degradation by antibiotic-activated ClpP. mBio 2020, 11,
No. e01006-20.
(619) McGillivray, S. M.; Tran, D. N.; Ramadoss, N. S.; Alumasa, J.
N.; Okumura, C. Y.; Sakoulas, G.; Vaughn, M. M.; Zhang, D. X.; Keiler,
K. C.; Nizet, V. Pharmacological inhibition of the ClpXP protease
increases bacterial susceptibility to host cathelicidin antimicrobial
peptides and cell envelope-active antibiotics. Antimicrob. Agents
Chemother. 2012, 56, 1854−1861.
(620) Gandt, A. B.; Griffith, E. C.; Lister, I. M.; Billings, L. L.; Han, A.;
Tangallapally, R.; Zhao, Y.; Singh, A. P.; Lee, R. E.; LaFleur, M. D. In
vivo and in vitro effects of a ClpP-activating antibiotic against
vancomycin-resistant Enterococci. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2018,
62, No. e00424-18.
(621) Haydon, D. J.; Stokes, N. R.; Ure, R.; Galbraith, G.; Bennett, J.
M.; Brown, D. R.; Baker, P. J.; Barynin, V. V.; Rice, D. W.; Sedelnikova,
S. E.; et al. An inhibitor of FtsZ with potent and selective anti-
staphylococcal activity. Science 2008, 321, 1673−1675.
(622) Adams, D. W.; Wu, L. J.; Errington, J. A benzamide-dependent
f tsZmutant reveals residues crucial for Z-ring assembly.Mol. Microbiol.
2016, 99, 1028−1042.
(623) Andreu, J. M.; Schaffner-Barbero, C.; Huecas, S.; Alonso, D.;
Lopez-Rodriguez, M. L.; Ruiz-Avila, L. B.; Nunez-Ramirez, R.; Llorca,
O.; Martin-Galiano, A. J. The antibacterial cell division inhibitor
PC190723 is an FtsZ polymer-stabilizing agent that induces filament
assembly and condensation. J. Biol. Chem. 2010, 285, 14239−14246.
(624) Adams, D. W.; Wu, L. J.; Czaplewski, L. G.; Errington, J.
Multiple effects of benzamide antibiotics on FtsZ function. Mol.
Microbiol. 2011, 80, 68−84.
(625) Elsen, N. L.; Lu, J.; Parthasarathy, G.; Reid, J. C.; Sharma, S.;
Soisson, S. M.; Lumb, K. J. Mechanism of action of the cell-division
inhibitor PC190723: modulation of FtsZ assembly cooperativity. J. Am.
Chem. Soc. 2012, 134, 12342−12345.
(626) Artola, M.; Ruiz-Avila, L. B.; Ramirez-Aportela, E.; Martinez, R.
F.; Araujo-Bazan, L.; Vazquez-Villa, H.;Martin-Fontecha,M.; Oliva, M.
A.; Martin-Galiano, A. J.; Chacon, P.; et al. The structural assembly
switch of cell division protein FtsZ probed with fluorescent allosteric
inhibitors. Chem. Sci. 2017, 8, 1525−1534.
(627) Kaul, M.; Mark, L.; Zhang, Y.; Parhi, A. K.; Lyu, Y. L.; Pawlak, J.;
Saravolatz, S.; Saravolatz, L. D.; Weinstein, M. P.; LaVoie, E. J.; et al.
TXA709, an FtsZ-targeting benzamide prodrug with improved
pharmacokinetics and enhanced in vivo efficacy against methicillin-

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3458

https://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.52774
https://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.52774
https://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.52158
https://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.52158
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja8051365
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja8051365
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja8051365
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmc.2011.07.047
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmc.2011.07.047
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.5b03084
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.5b03084
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.5b01451
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.5b01451
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nsmb.1787
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nsmb.1787
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nsmb.1787
https://dx.doi.org/10.1534/genetics.119.302851
https://dx.doi.org/10.1534/genetics.119.302851
https://dx.doi.org/10.1534/genetics.119.302851
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature12790
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature12790
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2016.138
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2016.138
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/anie.201804971
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/anie.201804971
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/anie.201708454
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/anie.201708454
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/anie.201708454
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/sciadv.aaw3818
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/sciadv.aaw3818
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.9b01746
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.9b01746
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.9b01746
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1720520115
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1720520115
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02802-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02802-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02802-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1008044
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1008044
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1008044
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01931-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01931-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01931-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0904886106
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0904886106
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.0904886106
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.01606-07
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.01606-07
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.01606-07
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M109.080739
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M109.080739
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1110385108
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1110385108
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/femsre/fuv040
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/femsre/fuv040
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.01006-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.01006-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.05131-11
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.05131-11
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.05131-11
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00424-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00424-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00424-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/science.1159961
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/science.1159961
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.13286
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.13286
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M109.094722
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M109.094722
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M109.094722
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2011.07559.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja303564a
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja303564a
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C6SC03792E
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C6SC03792E
https://dx.doi.org/10.1039/C6SC03792E
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00708-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00708-15
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2015, 59,
4845−4855.
(628) Lepak, A. J.; Parhi, A.; Madison, M.; Marchillo, K.; VanHecker,
J.; Andes, D. R. In vivo pharmacodynamic evaluation of an FtsZ
Inhibitor, TXA-709, and its active metabolite, TXA-707, in a murine
neutropenic thigh infectionmodel.Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2015,
59, 6568−6574.
(629) Straniero, V.; Sebastiań-Peŕez, V.; Hrast, M.; Zanotto, C.;
Casiraghi, A.; Suigo, L.; Zdovc, I.; Radaelli, A.; De Giuli Morghen, C.;
Valoti, E. Benzodioxane-benzamides as antibacterial agents: computa-
tional and SAR studies to evaluate the influence of the 7-substitution in
FtsZ interaction. ChemMedChem 2020, 15, 195−209.
(630) Straniero, V.; Suigo, L.; Casiraghi, A.; Sebastiań-Peŕez, V.;
Hrast, M.; Zanotto, C.; Zdovc, I.; De Giuli Morghen, C.; Radaelli, A.;
Valoti, E. Benzamide derivatives targeting the cell division protein FtsZ:
modifications of the linker and the benzodioxane scaffold and their
effects on antimicrobial activity. Antibiotics 2020, 9, 160.
(631) Fujita, J.; Maeda, Y.; Mizohata, E.; Inoue, T.; Kaul, M.; Parhi, A.
K.; LaVoie, E. J.; Pilch, D. S.; Matsumura, H. Structural flexibility of an
inhibitor overcomes drug resistance mutations in Staphylococcus aureus
FtsZ. ACS Chem. Biol. 2017, 12, 1947−1955.
(632) Kaul, M.; Mark, L.; Parhi, A. K.; LaVoie, E. J.; Pilch, D. S.
Combining the FtsZ-targeting prodrug TXA709 and the cephalosporin
cefdinir confers synergy and reduces the frequency of resistance in
methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Antimicrob. Agents Chemo-
ther. 2016, 60, 4290−4296.
(633) Theuretzbacher, U.; Bush, K.; Harbarth, S.; Paul, M.; Rex, J. H.;
Tacconelli, E.; Thwaites, G. E. Critical analysis of antibacterial agents in
clinical development. Nat. Rev. Microbiol. 2020, 18, 286−298.
(634) Song, D.; Bi, F.; Zhang, N.; Qin, Y.; Liu, X.; Teng, Y.; Ma, S.
Design, synthesis of novel 4,5-dihydroisoxazole-containing benzamide
derivatives as highly potent FtsZ inhibitors capable of killing a variety of
MDR Staphylococcus aureus. Bioorg. Med. Chem. 2020, 28, 115729.
(635) Elsholz, A. K.; Turgay, K.;Michalik, S.; Hessling, B.; Gronau, K.;
Oertel, D.; Mader, U.; Bernhardt, J.; Becher, D.; Hecker, M.; et al.
Global impact of protein arginine phosphorylation on the physiology of
Bacillus subtilis. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2012, 109, 7451−7456.
(636) Trentini, D. B.; Suskiewicz, M. J.; Heuck, A.; Kurzbauer, R.;
Deszcz, L.; Mechtler, K.; Clausen, T. Arginine phosphorylation marks
proteins for degradation by a Clp protease. Nature 2016, 539, 48−53.
(637) Junker, S.; Maaß, S.; Otto, A.; Hecker, M.; Becher, D. Toward
the quantitative characterization of arginine phosphorylations in
Staphylococcus aureus. J. Proteome Res. 2019, 18, 265−279.
(638) Bronner, S.; Monteil, H.; Prevost, G. Regulation of virulence
determinants in Staphylococcus aureus: complexity and applications.
FEMS Microbiol. Rev. 2004, 28, 183−200.
(639) Correâ, F.; Gardner, K. H. Basis of mutual domain inhibition in
a bacterial response regulator. Cell Chem. Biol. 2016, 23, 945−954.
(640) Goswami, M.; Wilke, K. E.; Carlson, E. E. Rational design of
selective adenine-based scaffolds for inactivation of bacterial histidine
kinases. J. Med. Chem. 2017, 60, 8170−8182.
(641) Wilke, K. E.; Fihn, C. A.; Carlson, E. E. Screening serine/
threonine and tyrosine kinase inhibitors for histidine kinase inhibition.
Bioorg. Med. Chem. 2018, 26, 5322−5326.
(642) Wu, S.; Lin, K.; Liu, Y.; Zhang, H.; Lei, L. Two-component
signaling pathways modulate drug resistance of Staphylococcus aureus.
Biomed. Rep. 2020, 13, 5.
(643) Rapun-Araiz, B.; Haag, A. F.; Solano, C.; Lasa, I. The impact of
two-component sensorial network in staphylococcal speciation. Curr.
Opin. Microbiol. 2020, 55, 40−47.
(644) Rapun-Araiz, B.; Haag, A. F.; De Cesare, V.; Gil, C.; Dorado-
Morales, P.; Penades, J. R.; Lasa, I. Systematic reconstruction of the
complete two-component sensorial network in Staphylococcus aureus.
mSystems 2020, 5, No. e00511-20.
(645) Dubrac, S.; Bisicchia, P.; Devine, K. M.; Msadek, T. A matter of
life and death: cell wall homeostasis and the WalKR (YycGF) essential
signal transduction pathway. Mol. Microbiol. 2008, 70, 1307−1322.
(646) Howden, B. P.; McEvoy, C. R.; Allen, D. L.; Chua, K.; Gao, W.;
Harrison, P. F.; Bell, J.; Coombs, G.; Bennett-Wood, V.; Porter, J. L.;

et al. Evolution of multidrug resistance during Staphylococcus aureus
infection involves mutation of the essential two component regulator
WalKR. PLoS Pathog. 2011, 7, No. e1002359.
(647) Zheng, W.; Cai, X.; Li, S.; Li, Z. Autophosphorylation
mechanism of the Ser/Thr kinase Stk1 from Staphylococcus aureus.
Front. Microbiol. 2018, 9, 758.
(648) Ohlsen, K.; Donat, S. The impact of serine/threonine
phosphorylation in Staphylococcus aureus. Int. J. Med. Microbiol. 2010,
300, 137−141.
(649) Paracuellos, P.; Ballandras, A.; Robert, X.; Kahn, R.; Herve, M.;
Mengin-Lecreulx, D.; Cozzone, A. J.; Duclos, B.; Gouet, P. The
extended conformation of the 2.9-Å crystal structure of the three-
PASTA domain of a Ser/Thr kinase from the human pathogen
Staphylococcus aureus. J. Mol. Biol. 2010, 404, 847−858.
(650) Ruggiero, A.; Squeglia, F.; Marasco, D.; Marchetti, R.;
Molinaro, A.; Berisio, R. X-ray structural studies of the entire
extracellular region of the serine/threonine kinase PrkC from
Staphylococcus aureus. Biochem. J. 2011, 435, 33−41.
(651) Ogawara, H. Distribution of PASTA domains in penicillin-
binding proteins and serine/threonine kinases of Actinobacteria. J.
Antibiot. 2016, 69, 660−685.
(652) Pensinger, D. A.; Schaenzer, A. J.; Sauer, J.-D. Do shoot the
messenger: PASTA kinases as virulence determinants and antibiotic
targets. Trends Microbiol. 2018, 26, 56−69.
(653) Calvanese, L.; Falcigno, L.; Squeglia, F.; Berisio, R.; D’Auria, G.
PASTA sequence composition is a predictive tool for protein class
identification. Amino Acids 2018, 50, 1441−1450.
(654) Labbe, B. D.; Hall, C. L.; Kellogg, S. L.; Chen, Y.; Koehn, O.;
Pickrum, A. M.; Mirza, S. P.; Kristich, C. J. Reciprocal regulation of
PASTA kinase signaling by differential modification. J. Bacteriol. 2019,
201, No. e00016-19.
(655) Hardt, P.; Engels, I.; Rausch, M.; Gajdiss, M.; Ulm, H.; Sass, P.;
Ohlsen, K.; Sahl, H. G.; Bierbaum, G.; Schneider, T.; et al. The cell wall
precursor lipid II acts as a molecular signal for the Ser/Thr kinase PknB
of Staphylococcus aureus. Int. J. Med. Microbiol. 2017, 307, 1−10.
(656) Stamsås, G. A.; Straume, D.; Salehian, Z.; Håvarstein, L. S.
Evidence that pneumococcal WalK is regulated by StkP through
protein-protein interaction. Microbiology 2017, 163, 383−399.
(657) Cafiso, V.; Bertuccio, T.; Spina, D.; Purrello, S.; Campanile, F.;
Di Pietro, C.; Purrello, M.; Stefani, S. Modulating activity of
vancomycin and daptomycin on the expression of autolysis cell-wall
turnover and membrane charge genes in hVISA and VISA strains. PLoS
One 2012, 7, No. e29573.
(658) Vidaillac, C.; Gardete, S.; Tewhey, R.; Sakoulas, G.; Kaatz, G.
W.; Rose, W. E.; Tomasz, A.; Rybak, M. J. Alternative mutational
pathways to intermediate resistance to vancomycin in methicillin-
resistant Staphylococcus aureus. J. Infect. Dis. 2013, 208, 67−74.
(659) Iwata, Y.; Satou, K.; Tsuzuku, H.; Furuichi, K.; Senda, Y.; Sakai-
Takemori, Y.; Wada, T.; Fujita, S.; Miyake, T.; Yasuda, H.; et al. Down-
regulation of the two-component system and cell-wall biosynthesis-
related genes was associated with the reversion to daptomycin
susceptibility in daptomycin non-susceptible methicillin-resistant
Staphylococcus aureus. Eur. J. Clin. Microbiol. Infect. Dis. 2017, 36,
1839−1845.
(660) Shoji, M.; Cui, L.; Iizuka, R.; Komoto, A.; Neoh, H.-m.;
Watanabe, Y.; Hishinuma, T.; Hiramatsu, K. walK and clpP Mutations
confer reduced vancomycin susceptibility in Staphylococcus aureus.
Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2011, 55, 3870−3881.
(661) Roch,M.; Clair, P.; Renzoni, A.; Reverdy,M.-E.; Dauwalder, O.;
Bes, M.; Martra, A.; Freydier̀e, A.-M.; Laurent, F.; Reix, P.; et al.
Exposure of Staphylococcus aureus to subinhibitory concentrations of β-
lactam antibiotics induces heterogeneous vancomycin-Intermediate S.
aureus. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2014, 58, 5306−5314.
(662) Dobihal, G. S.; Brunet, Y. R.; Flores-Kim, J.; Rudner, D. Z.
Homeostatic control of cell wall hydrolysis by the WalRK two-
component signaling pathway in Bacillus subtilis. eLife 2019, 8,
No. e52088.
(663) Kim, I. M.; Szurmant, H. A bacterial Goldilocks mechanism.
eLife 2020, 9, No. e54244.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3459

https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00708-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01464-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01464-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01464-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cmdc.201900537
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cmdc.201900537
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cmdc.201900537
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9040160
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9040160
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9040160
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acschembio.7b00323
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acschembio.7b00323
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acschembio.7b00323
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00613-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00613-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00613-16
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41579-020-0340-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41579-020-0340-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmc.2020.115729
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmc.2020.115729
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmc.2020.115729
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1117483109
https://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1117483109
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature20122
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature20122
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jproteome.8b00579
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jproteome.8b00579
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jproteome.8b00579
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.femsre.2003.09.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.femsre.2003.09.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2016.07.010
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2016.07.010
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.7b01066
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.7b01066
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.jmedchem.7b01066
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmc.2018.04.047
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bmc.2018.04.047
https://dx.doi.org/10.3892/br.2020.1312
https://dx.doi.org/10.3892/br.2020.1312
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2020.02.004
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.mib.2020.02.004
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mSystems.00511-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mSystems.00511-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2008.06483.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2008.06483.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1365-2958.2008.06483.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1002359
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1002359
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1002359
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2018.00758
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2018.00758
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2009.08.016
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2009.08.016
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2010.10.012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2010.10.012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2010.10.012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmb.2010.10.012
https://dx.doi.org/10.1042/BJ20101643
https://dx.doi.org/10.1042/BJ20101643
https://dx.doi.org/10.1042/BJ20101643
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2015.138
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2015.138
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tim.2017.06.010
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tim.2017.06.010
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tim.2017.06.010
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00726-018-2621-8
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00726-018-2621-8
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00016-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00016-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2016.12.001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2016.12.001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2016.12.001
https://dx.doi.org/10.1099/mic.0.000404
https://dx.doi.org/10.1099/mic.0.000404
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0029573
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0029573
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0029573
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/infdis/jit127
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/infdis/jit127
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/infdis/jit127
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10096-017-2999-3
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10096-017-2999-3
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10096-017-2999-3
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10096-017-2999-3
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10096-017-2999-3
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01563-10
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01563-10
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02574-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02574-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02574-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.52088
https://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.52088
https://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.54244
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


(664) Delaune,́ A.; Poupel, O.; Mallet, A.; Coic, Y. M.; Msadek, T.;
Dubrac, S. Peptidoglycan crosslinking relaxation plays an important
role in Staphylococcus aureusWalKR-dependent cell viability. PLoS One
2011, 6, No. e17054.
(665) Poupel, O.; Moyat, M.; Groizeleau, J.; Antunes, L. C.; Gribaldo,
S.; Msadek, T.; Dubrac, S. Transcriptional analysis and subcellular
protein localization reveal specific features of the essential WalKR
system in Staphylococcus aureus. PLoS One 2016, 11, No. e0151449.
(666) Gajdiss, M.; Monk, I. R.; Bertsche, U.; Kienemund, J.; Funk, T.;
Dietrich, A.; Hort, M.; Sib, E.; Stinear, T. P.; Bierbaum, G. YycH and
YycI regulate expression of Staphylococcus aureus autolysins by
activation of WalRK phosphorylation. Microorganisms 2020, 8, 870.
(667) Velikova, N.; Bem, A. E.; van Baarlen, P.;Wells, J. M.;Marina, A.
WalK, the path towards new antibacterials with low potential for
resistance development. ACS Med. Chem. Lett. 2013, 4, 891−894.
(668) Igarashi, M. New natural products to meet the antibiotic crisis: a
personal journey. J. Antibiot. 2019, 72, 890−898.
(669) Okada, A.; Igarashi, M.; Okajima, T.; Kinoshita, N.; Umekita,
M.; Sawa, R.; Inoue, K.; Watanabe, T.; Doi, A.; Martin, A.; et al.
Walkmycin B targets WalK (YycG), a histidine kinase essential for
bacterial cell growth. J. Antibiot. 2010, 63, 89−94.
(670) Igarashi, M.; Watanabe, T.; Hashida, T.; Umekita, M.; Hatano,
M.; Yanagida, Y.; Kino, H.; Kimura, T.; Kinoshita, N.; Inoue, K.; et al.
Waldiomycin, a novel WalK-histidine kinase inhibitor from Strepto-
myces sp. MK844-mF10. J. Antibiot. 2013, 66, 459−464.
(671) Eguchi, Y.; Okajima, T.; Tochio, N.; Inukai, Y.; Shimizu, R.;
Ueda, S.; Shinya, S.; Kigawa, T.; Fukamizo, T.; Igarashi, M.; et al.
Angucycline antibiotic waldiomycin recognizes common structural
motif conserved in bacterial histidine kinases. J. Antibiot. 2017, 70,
251−258.
(672) Radwan, A.; Mahrous, G. M. Docking studies and molecular
dynamics simulations of the binding characteristics of waldiomycin and
its methyl ester analog to Staphylococcus aureus histidine kinase. PLoS
One 2020, 15, No. e0234215.
(673) Watanabe, T.; Igarashi, M.; Okajima, T.; Ishii, E.; Kino, H.;
Hatano, M.; Sawa, R.; Umekita, M.; Kimura, T.; Okamoto, S.; et al.
Isolation and characterization of signermycin B, an antibiotic that
targets the dimerization domain of histidine kinase WalK. Antimicrob.
Agents Chemother. 2012, 56, 3657−3663.
(674) Zhao, D.; Chen, C.; Liu, H.; Zheng, L.; Tong, Y.; Qu, D.; Han, S.
Biological evaluation of halogenated thiazolo[3,2-a]pyrimidin-3-one
carboxylic acid derivatives targeting the YycG histidine kinase. Eur. J.
Med. Chem. 2014, 87, 500−507.
(675) Escobar, I. E.; White, A.; Kim, W.; Mylonakis, E. New
antimicrobial activity against multidrug-resistant Gram-positive bac-
teria of kinase inhibitor IMD0354. Antibiotics 2020, 9, 665.
(676) Nemeth, A. M.; Basak, A. K.; Weig, A. W.; Marrujo, S. A.;
Barker, W. T.; Jania, L. A.; Hendricks, T. A.; Sullivan, A. E.; O’Connor,
P. M.; Melander, R. J.; et al. Structure-function studies on IMD-0354
identifies highly active colistin adjuvants. ChemMedChem 2020, 15,
210−218.
(677) Falord, M.; Mad̈er, U.; Hiron, A.; Deb́arbouille,́ M.; Msadek, T.
Investigation of the Staphylococcus aureus GraSR regulon reveals novel
links to virulence, stress response and cell wall signal transduction
pathways. PLoS One 2011, 6, No. e21323.
(678) Muzamal, U.; Gomez, D.; Kapadia, F.; Golemi-Kotra, D.
Diversity of two-component systems: insights into the signal trans-
duction mechanism by the Staphylococcus aureus two-component
system GraSR. F1000Research 2014, 3, 252.
(679) Ernst, C. M.; Slavetinsky, C. J.; Kuhn, S.; Hauser, J. N.; Nega,
M.; Mishra, N. N.; Gekeler, C.; Bayer, A. S.; Peschel, A. Gain-of-
function mutations in the phospholipid flippase MprF confer specific
daptomycin resistance. mBio 2018, 9, No. e01659-18.
(680) Jenson, R. E.; Baines, S. L.; Howden, B. P.; Mishra, N. N.; Farah,
S.; Lew, C.; Berti, A. D.; Shukla, S. K.; Bayer, A. S.; Rose, W. E.
Prolonged exposure to β-lactam antibiotics reestablishes susceptibility
of daptomycin-nonsusceptible Staphylococcus aureus to daptomycin.
Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2020, 64, No. e00890-20.

(681) Thitiananpakorn, K.; Aiba, Y.; Tan, X. E.; Watanabe, S.; Kiga,
K.; Sato’o, Y.; Boonsiri, T.; Li, F. Y.; Sasahara, T.; Taki, Y.; et al.
Association ofmprFmutations with cross-resistance to daptomycin and
vancomycin in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). Sci.
Rep. 2020, 10, 16107.
(682) El-Halfawy, O. M.; Czarny, T. L.; Flannagan, R. S.; Day, J.;
Bozelli, J. C.; Kuiack, R. C.; Salim, A.; Eckert, P.; Epand, R. M.;
McGavin, M. J.; et al. Discovery of an antivirulence compound that
reverses β-lactam resistance in MRSA. Nat. Chem. Biol. 2020, 16, 143−
149.
(683) Prieto, J. M.; Rapuń-Araiz, B.; Gil, C.; Penadeś, J. R.; Lasa, I.;
Latasa, C. Inhibiting the two-component system GraXRS with
verteporfin to combat Staphylococcus aureus infections. Sci. Rep. 2020,
10, 17939.
(684) Ji, Q.; Chen, P. J.; Qin, G.; Deng, X.; Hao, Z.; Wawrzak, Z.; Yeo,
W. S.; Quang, J. W.; Cho, H.; Luo, G. Z.; et al. Structure andmechanism
of the essential two-component signal-transduction system WalKR in
Staphylococcus aureus. Nat. Commun. 2016, 7, 11000.
(685) Ji, Q.; Chen, P. J.; Qin, G.; Deng, X.; Hao, Z.; Wawrzak, Z.; Yeo,
W. S.; Quang, J. W.; Cho, H.; Luo, G. Z.; et al. Retraction: Structure and
mechanism of the essential two-component signal-transduction system
WalKR in Staphylococcus aureus. Nat. Commun. 2017, 8, 14331.
(686) Monk, I. R.; Howden, B. P.; Seemann, T.; Stinear, T. P.
Correspondence: Spontaneous secondary mutations confound analysis
of the essential two-component systemWalKR in Staphylococcus aureus.
Nat. Commun. 2017, 8, 14403.
(687) Kellogg, S. L.; Kristich, C. J. Convergence of PASTA kinase and
two-component sgnaling in response to cell wall stress in Enterococcus
faecalis. J. Bacteriol. 2018, 200, No. e00086-18.
(688) Richard-Greenblatt, M.; Av-Gay, Y. Epigenetic phosphorylation
control of Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection and persistence.
Microbiol. Spectrum 2017, 5, TBTB2-0005.
(689) Wang, T.; Bemis, G.; Hanzelka, B.; Zuccola, H.; Wynn, M.;
Moody, C. S.; Green, J.; Locher, C.; Liu, A.; Gao, H.; et al. Mtb PKNA/
PKNB dual inhibition provides selectivity advantages for inhibitor
design To minimize host kinase interactions. ACS Med. Chem. Lett.
2017, 8, 1224−1229.
(690) Bellinzoni, M.; Wehenkel, A. M.; Durań, R.; Alzari, P. M. Novel
mechanistic insights into physiological signaling pathways mediated by
mycobacterial Ser/Thr protein kinases. Genes Immun. 2019, 20, 383−
393.
(691) Kaur, P.; Rausch, M.; Malakar, B.; Watson, U.; Damle, N. P.;
Chawla, Y.; Srinivasan, S.; Sharma, K.; Schneider, T.; Jhingan, G. D.;
et al. Lipid II interaction with specific residues of Mycobacterium
tuberculosis PknB extracytoplasmic domain governs its optimal
activation. Nat. Commun. 2019, 10, 1231.
(692) Shapira, T.; Rankine-Wilson, L.; Chao, J. D.; Pichler, V.; Rens,
C.; Pfeifer, T.; Av-Gay, Y. High-content sreening of eukaryotic kinase
inhibitors identify CHK2 inhibitor activity against Mycobacterium
tuberculosis. Front. Microbiol. 2020, 11, 553962.
(693) Barker, W. T.; Nemeth, A. M.; Brackett, S. M.; Basak, A. K.;
Chandler, C. E.; Jania, L. A.; Zuercher, W. J.; Melander, R. J.; Koller, B.
H.; Ernst, R. K.; et al. Repurposing eukaryotic kinase inhibitors as
colistin adjuvants in Gram-negative bacteria. ACS Infect. Dis. 2019, 5,
1764−1771.
(694) Korbee, C. J.; Heemskerk, M. T.; Kocev, D.; van Strijen, E.;
Rabiee, O.; Franken, K. L. M. C.; Wilson, L.; Savage, N. D. L.; Dzěroski,
S.; Haks, M. C.; et al. Combined chemical genetics and data-driven
bioinformatics approach identifies receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors as
host-directed antimicrobials. Nat. Commun. 2018, 9, 358.
(695) Wang, Q.; Marchetti, R.; Prisic, S.; Ishii, K.; Arai, Y.; Ohta, I.;
Inuki, S.; Uchiyama, S.; Silipo, A.; Molinaro, A.; et al. A comprehensive
study of the interaction between peptidoglycan fragments and the
extracellular domain of Mycobacterium tuberculosis Ser/Thr kinase
PknB. ChemBioChem 2017, 18, 2094−2098.
(696) Wlodarchak, N.; Teachout, N.; Beczkiewicz, J.; Procknow, R.;
Schaenzer, A. J.; Satyshur, K.; Pavelka, M.; Zuercher, W.; Drewry, D.;
Sauer, J. D.; et al. In silico screen and structural analysis identifies

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3460

https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0017054
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0017054
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0151449
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0151449
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0151449
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/microorganisms8060870
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/microorganisms8060870
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/microorganisms8060870
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ml400320s
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/ml400320s
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41429-019-0224-6
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41429-019-0224-6
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2009.128
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2009.128
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2013.33
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2013.33
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2016.151
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2016.151
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0234215
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0234215
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0234215
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.06467-11
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.06467-11
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejmech.2014.09.096
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejmech.2014.09.096
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9100665
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9100665
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9100665
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cmdc.201900560
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cmdc.201900560
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0021323
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0021323
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0021323
https://dx.doi.org/10.12688/f1000research.5512.2
https://dx.doi.org/10.12688/f1000research.5512.2
https://dx.doi.org/10.12688/f1000research.5512.2
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.01659-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.01659-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.01659-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00890-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00890-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-73108-x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-73108-x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41589-019-0401-8
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41589-019-0401-8
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-74873-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-74873-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms11000
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms11000
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms11000
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms14331
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms14331
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms14331
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms14403
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms14403
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00086-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00086-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.00086-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/microbiolspec.TBTB2-0005-2015
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/microbiolspec.TBTB2-0005-2015
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsmedchemlett.7b00239
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsmedchemlett.7b00239
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsmedchemlett.7b00239
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41435-019-0069-9
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41435-019-0069-9
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41435-019-0069-9
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-019-09223-9
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-019-09223-9
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-019-09223-9
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2020.553962
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2020.553962
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2020.553962
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsinfecdis.9b00212
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsinfecdis.9b00212
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-017-02777-6
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-017-02777-6
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41467-017-02777-6
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cbic.201700385
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cbic.201700385
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cbic.201700385
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cbic.201700385
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.molpharmaceut.8b00905
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


bacterial kinase inhibitors which act with β-lactams to inhibit
mycobacterial growth. Mol. Pharmaceutics 2018, 15, 5410−5426.
(697) Beltramini, A. M.; Mukhopadhyay, C. D.; Pancholi, V.
Modulation of cell wall structure and antimicrobial susceptibility by a
Staphylococcus aureus eukaryote-like serine/threonine kinase and
phosphatase. Infect. Immun. 2009, 77, 1406−1416.
(698) Tamber, S.; Schwartzman, J.; Cheung, A. L. Role of PknB kinase
in antibiotic resistance and virulence in community-acquired
methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus strain USA300. Infect.
Immun. 2010, 78, 3637−3646.
(699) Vornhagen, J.; Burnside, K.; Whidbey, C.; Berry, J.; Qin, X.;
Rajagopal, L. Kinase inhibitors that increase the sensitivity of
methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus to β-lactam antibiotics.
Pathogens 2015, 4, 708−721.
(700) Pensinger, D. A.; Aliota, M. T.; Schaenzer, A. J.; Boldon, K. M.;
Ansari, I. H.; Vincent, W. J. B.; Knight, B.; Reniere, M. L.; Striker, R.;
Sauer, J.-D. Selective pharmacologic inhibition of a PASTA kinase
increases Listeria monocytogenes susceptibility to β-lactam antibiotics.
Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2014, 58, 4486−4494.
(701) Schaenzer, A. J.; Wlodarchak, N.; Drewry, D. H.; Zuercher, W.
J.; Rose, W. E.; Striker, R.; Sauer, J. D. A screen for kinase inhibitors
identifies antimicrobial imidazopyridine aminofurazans as specific
inhibitors of the Listeria monocytogenes PASTA kinase PrkA. J. Biol.
Chem. 2017, 292, 17037−17045.
(702) Boudreau, M. A.; Fishovitz, J.; Llarrull, L. I.; Xiao, Q.;
Mobashery, S. Phosphorylation of BlaR1 in manifestation of antibiotic
resistance in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus and its
abrogation by small molecules. ACS Infect. Dis. 2015, 1, 454−459.
(703) Kant, S.; Asthana, S.; Missiakas, D.; Pancholi, V. A novel STK1-
targeted small-molecule as an “antibiotic resistance breaker” against
multidrug-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Sci. Rep. 2017, 7, 5067.
(704) Cutrona, N.; Gillard, K.; Ulrich, R.; Seemann, M.; Miller, H. B.;
Blackledge, M. S. From antihistamine to anti-infective: loratadine
inhibition of regulatory PASTA kinases in staphylococci reduces
biofilm formation and potentiates β-lactam antibiotics and vancomycin
in resistant strains of Staphylococcus aureus. ACS Infect. Dis. 2019, 5,
1397−1410.
(705) Gillard, K.; Miller, H. B.; Blackledge, M. S. Tricyclic amine
antidepressants suppress β-lactam resistance in methicillin-resistant
Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) by repressing mRNA levels of key
resistance genes. Chem. Biol. Drug Des. 2018, 92, 1822−1829.
(706) Chang, H.-C.; Huang, Y.-T.; Chen, C.-S.; Chen, Y.-W.; Huang,
Y.-T.; Su, J. C.; Teng, L.-J.; Shiau, C.-W.; Chiu, H.-C. In vitro and in vivo
activity of a novel sorafenib derivative SC5005 against MRSA. J.
Antimicrob. Chemother. 2016, 71, 449−459.
(707) Le, P.; Kunold, E.; Macsics, R.; Rox, K.; Jennings, M. C.; Ugur,
I.; Reinecke, M.; Chaves-Moreno, D.; Hackl, M. W.; Fetzer, C.; et al.
Repurposing human kinase inhibitors to create an antibiotic active
against drug-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, persisters and biofilms.
Nat. Chem. 2020, 12, 145−158.
(708) Kim, W.; Zou, G.; Pan, W.; Fricke, N.; Faizi, H. A.; Kim, S. M.;
Khader, R.; Li, S.; Lee, K.; Escorba, I.; et al. The neutrally charged
diarylurea compound PQ401 kills antibiotic-resistant and antibiotic-
tolerant Staphylococcus aureus. mBio 2020, 11, No. e01140-20.
(709) Chatterjee, A.; Poon, R.; Chatterjee, S. S. Stp1 loss of function
promotes β-lactam resistance in Staphylococcus aureus that Is
independent of classical genes. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2020,
64, No. e02222-19.
(710)Gao, Y.;Wang, G.;Wang, X.; Yang, Y.; Niu, X. Structure-activity
relationship of MDSA and its derivatives against Staphylococcus aureus
Ser/Thr phosphatase Stp1. Comput. Biol. Chem. 2020, 85, 107230.
(711) Zheng, W.; Liang, Y.; Zhao, H.; Zhang, J.; Li, Z. 5,5′-
Methylenedisalicylic acid (MDSA) modulates SarA/MgrA phosphor-
ylation by targeting Ser/Thr phosphatase Stp1. ChemBioChem 2015,
16, 1035−1040.
(712) Fridman, M.; Williams, G. D.; Muzamal, U.; Hunter, H.; Siu, K.
W.M.; Golemi-Kotra, D. Two unique phosphorylation-driven signaling
pathways crosstalk in Staphylococcus aureus to modulate the cell-wall
charge: Stk1/Stp1 meets GraSR. Biochemistry 2013, 52, 7975−7986.

(713) Jarick, M.; Bertsche, U.; Stahl, M.; Schultz, D.; Methling, K.;
Lalk, M.; Stigloher, C.; Steger, M.; Schlosser, A.; Ohlsen, K. The serine/
threonine kinase Stk and the phosphatase Stp regulate cell wall
synthesis in Staphylococcus aureus. Sci. Rep. 2018, 8, 13693.
(714) Zheng, X.; Berti, A. D.; McCrone, S.; Roch, M.; Rosato, A. E.;
Rose, W. E.; Chen, B. Combination antibiotic exposure selectively
alters the development of vancomycin intermediate resistance in
Staphylococcus aureus. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2018, 62,
No. e02100-17.
(715) Morrisette, T.; Alosaimy, S.; Abdul-Mutakabbir, J. C.; Kebriaei,
R.; Rybak, M. J. The evolving reduction of vancomycin and daptomycin
susceptibility in MRSAsalvaging the gold standards with combina-
tion therapy. Antibiotics 2020, 9, 762.
(716) Baltz, R. H. Daptomycin: mechanisms of action and resistance,
and biosynthetic engineering. Curr. Opin. Chem. Biol. 2009, 13, 144−
151.
(717) Mishra, N. N.; Yang, S. J.; Sawa, A.; Rubio, A.; Nast, C. C.;
Yeaman, M. R.; Bayer, A. S. Analysis of cell membrane characteristics of
in vitro-selected daptomycin-resistant strains of methicillin-resistant
Staphylococcus aureus. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2009, 53, 2312−
2318.
(718) Ernst, C. M.; Peschel, A. MprF-mediated daptomycin
resistance. Int. J. Med. Microbiol. 2019, 309, 359−363.
(719) Yin, Y.; Chen, H.; Li, S.; Gao, H.; Sun, S.; Li, H.; Wang, R.; Jin,
L.; Liu, Y.; Wang, H. Daptomycin resistance in methicillin-resistant
Staphylococcus aureus is conferred by IS256 insertion in the promoter of
mprF along with mutations in mprF and walK. Int. J. Antimicrob. Agents
2019, 54, 673−680.
(720) Cho, H.; Uehara, T.; Bernhardt, T. G. β-Lactam antibiotics
induce a lethal malfunctioning of the bacterial cell wall synthesis
machinery. Cell 2014, 159, 1300−1311.
(721) Chen, C. J.; Huang, Y. C.; Shie, S. S. Evolution of multi-
resistance to vancomycin, daptomycin, and linezolid in methicillin-
resistant Staphylococcus aureus causing persistent bacteremia. Front.
Microbiol. 2020, 11, 1414.
(722) Fergestad, M. E.; Stamsås, G. A.; Angeles, D. M.; Salehian, Z.;
Wasteson, Y.; Kjos, M. Penicillin-binding protein PBP2a provides
variable levels of protection toward different β-lactams in Staphylococcus
aureus RN4220. MicrobiologyOpen 2020, 9, No. e1057.
(723) Manoharan, A.; Das, T.; Whiteley, G. S.; Glasbey, T.; Kriel, F.
H.; Manos, J. The effect of N-acetylcysteine in a combined antibiofilm
treatment against antibiotic-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. J. Anti-
microb. Chemother. 2020, 75, 1787−1798.
(724) Yang, J. H.; Wright, S. N.; Hamblin, M.; McCloskey, D.;
Alcantar, M. A.; Schrübbers, L.; Lopatkin, A. J.; Satish, S.; Nili, A.;
Palsson, B. O.; et al. A white-box machine learning approach for
revealing antibiotic mechanisms of action. Cell 2019, 177, 1649−1661.
(725) Lopatkin, A. J.; Stokes, J. M.; Zheng, E. J.; Yang, J. H.;
Takahashi, M. K.; You, L.; Collins, J. J. Bacterial metabolic state more
accurately predicts antibiotic lethality than growth rate. Nat. Microbiol.
2019, 4, 2109−2117.
(726) Schrader, S. M.; Vaubourgeix, J.; Nathan, C. Biology of
antimicrobial resistance and approaches to combat it. Sci. Transl. Med.
2020, 12, No. eaaz6992.
(727) Chu, J.; Koirala, B.; Forelli, N.; Vila-Farres, X.; Ternei, M. A.;
Ali, T.; Colosimo, D. A.; Brady, S. F. Synthetic-bioinformatic natural
product antibiotics with diverse modes of action. J. Am. Chem. Soc.
2020, 142, 14158−14168.
(728) Lewis, K. The science of antibiotic discovery. Cell 2020, 181,
29−45.
(729) Stokes, J. M.; Yang, K.; Swanson, K.; Jin, W.; Cubillos-Ruiz, A.;
Donghia, N. M.; MacNair, C. R.; French, S.; Carfrae, L. A.; Bloom-
Ackerman, Z.; et al. A deep learning approach to antibiotic discovery.
Cell 2020, 180, 688−702.
(730) Engholm, D. H.; Kilian, M.; Goodsell, D. S.; Andersen, E. S.;
Kjærgaard, R. S. A visual review of the human pathogen Streptococcus
pneumoniae. FEMS Microbiol. Rev. 2017, 41, 854−879.
(731) Vollmer, W.; Massidda, O.; Tomasz, A. The cell wall of
Streptococcus pneumoniae. Microbiol. Spectrum 2019, 7, GPP3-0018.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3461

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.molpharmaceut.8b00905
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.molpharmaceut.8b00905
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/IAI.01499-08
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/IAI.01499-08
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/IAI.01499-08
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/IAI.00296-10
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/IAI.00296-10
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/IAI.00296-10
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/pathogens4040708
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/pathogens4040708
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02396-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02396-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M117.808600
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M117.808600
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M117.808600
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsinfecdis.5b00086
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsinfecdis.5b00086
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsinfecdis.5b00086
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-017-05314-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-017-05314-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-017-05314-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsinfecdis.9b00096
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsinfecdis.9b00096
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsinfecdis.9b00096
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsinfecdis.9b00096
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/cbdd.13361
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/cbdd.13361
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/cbdd.13361
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/cbdd.13361
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkv367
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkv367
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41557-019-0378-7
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41557-019-0378-7
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.01140-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.01140-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.01140-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02222-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02222-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02222-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.compbiolchem.2020.107230
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.compbiolchem.2020.107230
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.compbiolchem.2020.107230
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cbic.201500003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cbic.201500003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cbic.201500003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi401177n
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi401177n
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/bi401177n
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-018-32109-7
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-018-32109-7
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41598-018-32109-7
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02100-17
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02100-17
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02100-17
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9110762
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9110762
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9110762
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cbpa.2009.02.031
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cbpa.2009.02.031
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01682-08
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01682-08
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01682-08
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2019.05.010
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijmm.2019.05.010
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2019.08.021
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2019.08.021
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2019.08.021
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2014.11.017
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2014.11.017
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2014.11.017
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2020.01414
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2020.01414
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2020.01414
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/mbo3.1057
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/mbo3.1057
https://dx.doi.org/10.1002/mbo3.1057
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkaa093
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkaa093
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2019.04.016
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2019.04.016
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41564-019-0536-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41564-019-0536-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/scitranslmed.aaz6992
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/scitranslmed.aaz6992
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.0c04376
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/jacs.0c04376
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2020.02.056
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2020.01.021
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/femsre/fux037
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/femsre/fux037
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/microbiolspec.GPP3-0018-2018
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/microbiolspec.GPP3-0018-2018
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


(732) Dik, D. A.; Marous, D. R.; Fisher, J. F.; Mobashery, S. Lytic
transglycosylases: concinnity in concision of the bacterial cell wall. Crit.
Rev. Biochem. Mol. Biol. 2017, 52, 503−542.
(733) Tsui, H.-C. T.; Zheng, J. J.; Magallon, A. N.; Ryan, J. D.; Yunck,
R.; Rued, B. E.; Bernhardt, T. G.; Winkler, M. E. Suppression of a
deletion mutation in the gene encoding essential PBP2b reveals a new
lytic transglycosylase involved in peripheral peptidoglycan synthesis in
Streptococcus pneumoniae D39. Mol. Microbiol. 2016, 100, 1039−1065.
(734) Yamada, S.; Sugai, M.; Komatsuzawa, H.; Nakashima, S.;
Oshida, T.; Matsumoto, A.; Suginaka, H. An autolysin ring associated
with cell separation of Staphylococcus aureus. J. Bacteriol. 1996, 178,
1565−1571.
(735) Büttner, F. M.; Zoll, S.; Nega, M.; Götz, F.; Stehle, T. Structure-
function analysis of Staphylococcus aureus amidase reveals the
determinants of peptidoglycan recognition and cleavage. J. Biol.
Chem. 2014, 289, 11083−11094.
(736) Kluj, R. M.; Ebner, P.; Adamek, M.; Ziemert, N.; Mayer, C.;
Borisova, M. Recovery of the peptidoglycan turnover product released
by the autolysin Atl in Staphylococcus aureus involves the phospho-
transferase system transporter MurP and the novel 6-phospho-N-
acetylmuramidase MupG. Front. Microbiol. 2018, 9, 2725.
(737) Pintar, S.; Borisěk, J.; Usenik, A.; Perdih, A.; Turk, D. Domain
sliding of two Staphylococcus aureus N-acetylglucosaminidases enables
their substrate-binding prior to its catalysis.Commun. Biol. 2020, 3, 178.
(738) Nega, M.; Tribelli, P. M.; Hipp, K.; Stahl, M.; Götz, F. New
insights in the coordinated amidase and glucosaminidase activity of the
major autolysin (Atl) in Staphylococcus aureus. Commun. Biol. 2020, 3,
695.
(739) Takano,M.; Oshida, T.; Yasojima, A.; Yamada,M.; Okagaki, C.;
Sugai, M.; Suginaka, H.; Matsushita, T. Modification of autolysis by
synthetic peptides derived from the presumptive binding domain of
Staphylococcus aureus autolysin. Microbiol. Immunol. 2000, 44, 463−
472.
(740) Tajbakhsh, G.; Golemi-Kotra, D. The dimerization interface in
VraR is essential for induction of the cell wall stress response in
Staphylococcus aureus: a potential druggable target. BMC Microbiol.
2019, 19, 153.
(741) Gallagher, L. A.; Shears, R. K.; Fingleton, C.; Alvarez, L.;
Waters, E.M.; Clarke, J.; Bricio-Moreno, L.; Campbell, C.; Yadav, A. K.;
Razvi, F.; et al. Impaired alanine transport or exposure to D-cycloserine
Increases the susceptibility of MRSA to β-lactam antibiotics. J. Infect.
Dis. 2020, 221, 1000−1016.
(742) Symbol nomenclature for glycans (SNFG). Accessed 1 Sep
2020. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/glycans/snfg.html.
(743) Livermore, D.M.; Hope, R.; Mushtaq, S.; Warner, M. Orthodox
and unorthodox clavulanate combinations against extended-spectrum
β-lactamase producers.Clin. Microbiol. Infect. 2008, 14 (Suppl. 1), 189−
193.
(744) Cielecka-Piontek, J.; Szymanowska-Powalowska, D.;
Paczkowska, M.; Lysakowski, P.; Zalewski, P.; Garbacki, P. Stability,
compatibility and microbiological activity studies of Meropenem-
clavulanate potassium. J. Antibiot. 2015, 68, 35−39.
(745) Ba, X.; Harrison, E.M.; Lovering, A. L.; Gleadall, N.; Zadoks, R.;
Parkhill, J.; Peacock, S. J.; Holden, M. T. G.; Paterson, G. K.; Holmes,
M. A. Old drugs to treat resistant bugs: methicillin-resistant
Staphylococcus aureus isolates with mecC are susceptible to a
combination of penicillin and clavulanic acid. Antimicrob. Agents
Chemother. 2015, 59, 7396−7404.
(746) Harrison, E. M.; Ba, X.; Coll, F.; Blane, B.; Restif, O.; Carvell,
H.; Köser, C. U.; Jamrozy, D.; Reuter, S.; Lovering, A.; et al. Genomic
identification of cryptic susceptibility to penicillins and β-lactamase
inhibitors in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Nat. Microbiol.
2019, 4, 1680−1691.
(747) Hamilton, F.; MacGowan, A. A long history of β-lactams for
MRSA. Nat. Microbiol. 2019, 4, 1604−1605.
(748) Gonzales, P. R.; Pesesky, M. W.; Bouley, R.; Ballard, A.; Biddy,
B. A.; Suckow, M. A.; Wolter, W. R.; Schroeder, V. A.; Burnham, C. D.;
Mobashery, S.; et al. Synergistic, collaterally sensitive β-lactam

combinations suppress resistance in MRSA. Nat. Chem. Biol. 2015,
11, 855−861.
(749) Imamovic, L.; Sommer, M. O. A. Use of collateral sensitivity
networks to design drug cycling protocols that avoid resistance
development. Sci. Transl. Med. 2013, 5, 204ra132.
(750) Munck, C.; Gumpert, H. K.; Wallin, A. I. N.; Wang, H. H.;
Sommer, M. O. A. Prediction of resistance development against drug
combinations by collateral responses to component drugs. Sci. Transl.
Med. 2014, 6, 262ra156.
(751) Paĺ, C.; Papp, B.; Laźaŕ, V. Collateral sensitivity of antibiotic-
resistant microbes. Trends Microbiol. 2015, 23, 401−407.
(752) Rodriguez de Evgrafov,M.; Gumpert, H.;Munck, C.; Thomsen,
T. T.; Sommer, M. O. A. Collateral resistance and sensitivity modulate
evolution of high-level resistance to drug combination treatment in
Staphylococcus aureus. Mol. Biol. Evol. 2015, 32, 1175−1185.
(753) Ulloa, E. R.; Singh, K. V.; Geriak, M.; Haddad, F.; Murray, B. E.;
Nizet, V.; Sakoulas, G. Cefazolin and ertapenem salvage therapy rapidly
clears persistent methicillin-susceptible Staphylococcus aureus bacter-
emia. Clin. Infect. Dis. 2020, 71, 1413−1418.
(754) Liu, C.; Bayer, A.; Cosgrove, S. E.; Daum, R. S.; Fridkin, S. K.;
Gorwitz, R. J.; Kaplan, S. L.; Karchmer, A. W.; Levine, D. P.; Murray, B.
E.; et al. Clinical practice guidelines by the Infectious Diseases Society
of America for the treatment of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus
aureus infections in adults and children: executive summary. Clin. Infect.
Dis. 2011, 52, 285−292.
(755) Scheeren, T. W. Ceftobiprole medocaril in the treatment of
hospital-acquired pneumonia. Future Microbiol. 2015, 10, 1913−1928.
(756) Rae, N.; Jarchow-MacDonald, A.; Nathwani, D.; Marwick, C. A.
MRSA: treating people with infection. BMJ. Clin. Evid. 2016, 2016, 922.
(757) Bassetti, M.; Vena, A.; Castaldo, N.; Righi, E.; Peghin, M. New
antibiotics for ventilator-associated pneumonia. Curr. Opin. Infect. Dis.
2018, 31, 177−186.
(758) Giacobbe, D. R.; De Rosa, F. G.; Del Bono, V.; Grossi, P. A.;
Pea, F.; Petrosillo, N.; Rossolini, G. M.; Tascini, C.; Tumbarello, M.;
Viale, P.; et al. Ceftobiprole: drug evaluation and place in therapy.
Expert Rev. Anti-Infect. Ther. 2019, 17, 689−698.
(759) Pfaller, M. A.; Flamm, R. K.; Mendes, R. E.; Streit, J. M.; Smart,
J. I.; Hamed, K. A.; Duncan, L. R.; Sader, H. S. Ceftobiprole activity
against Gram-positive and -negative pathogens collected from the
United States in 2006 and 2016. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2019,
63, No. e01566-18.
(760) Rodvold, K. A.; McConeghy, K. W. Methicillin-resistant
Staphylococcus aureus therapy: past, present, and future. Clin. Infect. Dis.
2014, 58 (Suppl. 1), S20−7.
(761) Morata, L.; Mensa, J.; Soriano, A. New antibiotics against gram-
positives: present and future indications. Curr. Opin. Pharmacol. 2015,
24, 45−51.
(762) David, M. Z.; Dryden, M.; Gottlieb, T.; Tattevin, P.; Gould, I.
M. Recently approved antibacterials for methicillin-resistant Staph-
ylococcus aureus (MRSA) and other Gram-positive pathogens: the
shock of the new. Int. J. Antimicrob. Agents 2017, 50, 303−307.
(763) Thomsen, I. P. The concern for vancomycin failure in the
treatment of pediatric Staphylococcus aureus disease. Clin. Infect. Dis.
2019, 68, 373−374.
(764)Wilsey, H. A.; Burgess, D. R.; Burgess, D. S. Focusing the lens on
the CAMERA concepts: early combination β-lactam and vancomycin
therapy in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia.
Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2020, 64, No. e00360-20.
(765) Holubar, M.; Meng, L.; Alegria, W.; Deresinski, S. Bacteremia
due to methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus: an update on new
therapeutic approaches. Infect. Dis. Clin. North Am. 2020, 34, 849−861.
(766) Yahav, D.; Giske, C. G.; Gram̅atniece, A.; Abodakpi, H.; Tam,
V. H.; Leibovici, L. New β-Lactam-β-Lactamase Inhibitor Combina-
tions. Clin. Microbiol. Rev. 2020, 34, No. e00115-20.
(767) Fatsis-Kavalopoulos, N.; Roemhild, R.; Tang, P. C.; Kreuger, J.;
Andersson, D. I. CombiANT: Antibiotic interaction testing made easy.
PLoS Biol. 2020, 18, No. e3000856.
(768)García-de-La-Mar̀ia, C.; Gasch, O.; García-Gonzalez, J.; Soy, D.;
Shaw, E.; Ambrosioni, J.; Almela, M.; Pericas̀, J. M.; Tellez, A.; Falces,

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3462

https://dx.doi.org/10.1080/10409238.2017.1337705
https://dx.doi.org/10.1080/10409238.2017.1337705
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.13366
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.13366
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.13366
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/mmi.13366
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.178.6.1565-1571.1996
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/JB.178.6.1565-1571.1996
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M114.557306
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M114.557306
https://dx.doi.org/10.1074/jbc.M114.557306
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2018.02725
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2018.02725
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2018.02725
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2018.02725
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s42003-020-0911-7
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s42003-020-0911-7
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s42003-020-0911-7
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s42003-020-01405-2
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s42003-020-01405-2
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s42003-020-01405-2
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1348-0421.2000.tb02521.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1348-0421.2000.tb02521.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1348-0421.2000.tb02521.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1186/s12866-019-1529-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1186/s12866-019-1529-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1186/s12866-019-1529-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/infdis/jiz542
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/infdis/jiz542
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/glycans/snfg.html
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1469-0691.2007.01858.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1469-0691.2007.01858.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1469-0691.2007.01858.x
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2014.92
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2014.92
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ja.2014.92
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01469-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01469-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01469-15
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41564-019-0471-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41564-019-0471-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41564-019-0471-0
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41564-019-0561-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41564-019-0561-z
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.1911
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nchembio.1911
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/scitranslmed.3006609
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/scitranslmed.3006609
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/scitranslmed.3006609
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/scitranslmed.3009940
https://dx.doi.org/10.1126/scitranslmed.3009940
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tim.2015.02.009
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tim.2015.02.009
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/molbev/msv006
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/molbev/msv006
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/molbev/msv006
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz995
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz995
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz995
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/cir034
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/cir034
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/cir034
https://dx.doi.org/10.2217/fmb.15.115
https://dx.doi.org/10.2217/fmb.15.115
https://dx.doi.org/10.1097/QCO.0000000000000438
https://dx.doi.org/10.1097/QCO.0000000000000438
https://dx.doi.org/10.1080/14787210.2019.1667229
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01566-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01566-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01566-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/cit614
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/cit614
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.coph.2015.07.004
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.coph.2015.07.004
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2017.05.006
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2017.05.006
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2017.05.006
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciy497
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciy497
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00360-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00360-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.00360-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.idc.2020.04.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.idc.2020.04.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.idc.2020.04.003
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/CMR.00115-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/CMR.00115-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.3000856
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf


C.; et al. The combination of daptomycin and fosfomycin has
synergistic, potent, and rapid bactericidal activity against methicillin-
resistant Staphylococcus aureus in a rabbit model of experimental
endocarditis. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2018, 62, No. e02633-17.
(769) Reed, J. M.; Gardner, S. G.; Mishra, N. N.; Bayer, A. S.;
Somerville, G. A. Metabolic interventions for the prevention and
treatment of daptomycin non-susceptibility in Staphylococcus aureus. J.
Antimicrob. Chemother. 2019, 74, 2274−2283.
(770) Heidary, M.; Khosravi, A. D.; Khoshnood, S.; Nasiri, M. J.;
Soleimani, S.; Goudarzi, M. Daptomycin. J. Antimicrob. Chemother.
2018, 73, 1−11.
(771) Pujol, M.; Miro,́ J. M.; Shaw, E.; Aguado, J. M.; San-Juan, R.;
Puig-Asensio, M.; Pigrau, C.; Calbo, E.; Montejo, M.; Rodriguez-
Álvarez, R.; et al. Daptomycin plus fosfomycin vs. daptomycin alone for
methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia and endocarditis.
A randomized clinical trial. Clin. Infect. Dis. 2020, DOI: 10.1093/cid/
ciaa1081.
(772) Davis, J. S.; Sud, A.; O’Sullivan, M. V. N.; Robinson, J. O.;
Ferguson, P. E.; Foo, H.; van Hal, S. J.; Ralph, A. P.; Howden, B. P.;
Binks, P. M.; et al. Combination of vancomycin and β-lactam therapy
for methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia: a pilot
multicenter randomized controlled trial. Clin. Infect. Dis. 2016, 62,
173−180.
(773) Berti, A. D.; Baines, S. L.; Howden, B. P.; Sakoulas, G.; Nizet, V.;
Proctor, R. A.; Rose, W. E. Heterogeneity of genetic pathways toward
daptomycin nonsusceptibility in Staphylococcus aureus determined by
adjunctive antibiotics. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2015, 59, 2799−
2806.
(774) Jorgensen, S. C. J.; Zasowski, E. J.; Trinh, T. D.; Lagnf, A. M.;
Bhatia, S.; Sabagha, N.; Abdul-Mutakabbir, J. C.; Alosaimy, S.; Mynatt,
R. P.; Davis, S. L.; et al. Daptomycin plus β-lactam combination therapy
for methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus bloodstream infections: a
retrospective, comparative cohort study. Clin. Infect. Dis. 2020, 71, 1−
10.
(775) Holland, T. L. Early oral antibiotic switch for Staphylococcus
aureus bacteremia: many are called, but few are chosen. Antimicrob.
Agents Chemother. 2020, 64, No. e00317-20.
(776) Varela, M. C.; Roch, M.; Taglialegna, A.; Long, S. W.; Saavedra,
M. O.; Rose, W. E.; Davis, J. J.; Hoffman, L. R.; Hernandez, R. E.;
Rosato, R. R.; et al. Carbapenems drive the collateral resistance to
ceftaroline in cystic fibrosis patients with MRSA. Commun. Biol. 2020,
3, 599.
(777) Valderrama, M. J.; Alfaro, M.; Rodríguez-Avial, I.; Baos, E.;
Rodríguez-Avial, C.; Culebras, E. Synergy of linezolid with several
antimicrobial agents against linezolid-methicillin-resistant Staphylo-
coccal strains. Antibiotics 2020, 9, 496.
(778) Kebriaei, R.; Rice, S. A.; Singh, N. B.; Stamper, K. C.; Nguyen,
L.; Sheikh, Z.; Rybak, M. J. Combinations of (lipo)glycopeptides with
β-lactams against MRSA: susceptibility insights. J. Antimicrob. Chemo-
ther. 2020, 75, 2894−2901.
(779) Abdul-Mutakabbir, J. C.; Kebriaei, R.; Stamper, K. C.; Sheikh,
Z.; Maassen, P. T.; Lev, K. L.; Rybak, M. J. Dalbavancin, vancomycin
and daptomycin alone and in combination with cefazolin against
resistant phenotypes of Staphylococcus aureus in a pharmacokinetic/
pharmacodynamic model. Antibiotics 2020, 9, 696.
(780) Berti, A. D.; Harven, L. T.; Bingley, V. Distinct effectiveness of
oritavancin against tolerance-induced Staphylococcus aureus. Antibiotics
2020, 9, 789.
(781) Liu, Y.; Yang, K.; Zhang, H.; Jia, Y.; Wang, Z. Combating
antibiotic tolerance through activating bacterial metabolism. Front.
Microbiol. 2020, 11, 577564.
(782) Martin II, J. K.; Sheehan, J. P.; Bratton, B. P.; Moore, G. M.;
Mateus, A.; Li, S. H.-J.; Kim, H.; Rabinowitz, J. D.; Typas, A.; Savitski,
M. M.; et al. A dual-mechanism antibiotic kills Gram-negative bacteria
and avoids drug resistance. Cell 2020, 181, 1518−1532.
(783) Mohiuddin, S. G.; Hoang, T.; Saba, A.; Karki, P.; Orman, M. A.
Identifying metabolic inhibitors to reduce bacterial persistence. Front.
Microbiol. 2020, 11, 472.

(784) Zheng, E. J.; Stokes, J. M.; Collins, J. J. Eradicating bacterial
persisters with combinations of strongly and weakly metabolism-
dependent antibiotics. Cell Chem. Biol. 2020, 27, 1544−1552.
(785) Farha, M. A.; MacNair, C. R.; Carfrae, L. A.; El Zahed, S. S.;
Ellis, M. J.; Tran, H. R.; McArthur, A. G.; Brown, E. D. Overcoming
acquired and native macrolide resistance with bicarbonate. ACS Infect.
Dis. 2020, 6, 2709−2718.
(786) De Maesschalck, V.; Gutieŕrez, D.; Paeshuyse, J.; Lavigne, R.;
Briers, Y. Advanced engineering of third-generation lysins and
formulation strategies for clinical applications. Crit. Rev. Microbiol.
2020, 46, 548−564.
(787) Röhrig, C.; Huemer, M.; Lorge,́ D.; Luterbacher, S.;
Phothaworn, P.; Schefer, C.; Sobieraj, A. M.; Zinsli, L. V.; Mairpady
Shambat, S.; Leimer, N.; et al. Targeting hidden pathogens: cell-
penetrating enzybiotics eradicate intracellular drug-resistant Staph-
ylococcus aureus. mBio 2020, 11, No. e00209-20.
(788) Sobieraj, A. M.; Huemer, M.; Zinsli, L. V.; Meile, S.; Keller, A.
P.; Röhrig, C.; Eichenseher, F.; Shen, Y.; Zinkernagel, A. S.; Loessner,
M. J.; et al. Engineering of long-circulating peptidoglycan hydrolases
enables efficient treatment of systemic Staphylococcus aureus infection.
mBio 2020, 11, No. e01781-20.
(789) Watson, A.; Sauve, K.; Cassino, C.; Schuch, R. Exebacase
demonstrates in vitro synergy with a broad range of antibiotics against
both methicillin-resistant and methicillin-susceptible Staphylococcus
aureus. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2020, 64, No. e01885-19.
(790) Bupha-Intr, O.; Blackmore, T.; Bloomfield, M. Efficacy of early
oral switch with β-lactams for low-risk Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia.
Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2020, 64, No. e02345-19.
(791) Bulitta, J. B.; Hope, W. W.; Eakin, A. E.; Guina, T.; Tam, V. H.;
Louie, A.; Drusano, G. L.; Hoover, J. L. Generating robust and
informative nonclinical in vitro and in vivo bacterial infection model
efficacy data to support translation to humans. Antimicrob. Agents
Chemother. 2019, 63, No. e02307-18.
(792) Rizk, M. L.; Bhavnani, S. M.; Drusano, G.; Dane, A.; Eakin, A.
E.; Guina, T.; Jang, S. H.; Tomayko, J. F.; Wang, J.; Zhuang, L.; et al.
Considerations for dose selection and clinical pharmacokinetics/
pharmacodynamics for the development of antibacterial agents.
Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 2019, 63, No. e02309-18.
(793) Shlaes, D. M. The clinical development of antibacterial drugs: A
guide for the discovery scientist. Top. Med. Chem. 2017, 25, 149−164.

Chemical Reviews pubs.acs.org/CR Review

https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010
Chem. Rev. 2021, 121, 3412−3463

3463

https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02633-17
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02633-17
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02633-17
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02633-17
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkz194
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkz194
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkx349
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciaa1081
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciaa1081
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciaa1081
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciaa1081?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciaa1081?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/civ808
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/civ808
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/civ808
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.04990-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.04990-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.04990-14
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz746
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz746
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciz746
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s42003-020-01313-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s42003-020-01313-5
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9080496
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9080496
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9080496
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkaa237
https://dx.doi.org/10.1093/jac/dkaa237
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9100696
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9100696
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9100696
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9100696
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9110789
https://dx.doi.org/10.3390/antibiotics9110789
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2020.577564
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2020.577564
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2020.05.005
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2020.05.005
https://dx.doi.org/10.3389/fmicb.2020.00472
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2020.08.015
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2020.08.015
https://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.chembiol.2020.08.015
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsinfecdis.0c00340
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acsinfecdis.0c00340
https://dx.doi.org/10.1080/1040841X.2020.1809346
https://dx.doi.org/10.1080/1040841X.2020.1809346
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.00209-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.00209-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.00209-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.01781-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/mBio.01781-20
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01885-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01885-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01885-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.01885-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02345-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02345-19
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02307-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02307-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02307-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02309-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1128/AAC.02309-18
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/7355_2017_8
https://dx.doi.org/10.1007/7355_2017_8
pubs.acs.org/CR?ref=pdf
https://dx.doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.0c01010?ref=pdf

