

Library Faculty Meeting Minutes (August 24, 2022)

These are the briefest of Library Faculty Meeting Minutes dated August 24, 2022.

First, there were introductions, re-introductions, and good-bye's to the Executive Committee of the Library Faculty (ELF) members as well as a few library colleagues. ELF members include: Mark Robison, Aedin Clements, Matthew Dames, Michael Deike, Daniel Johnson, and Pete Pietraszewski. Good-bye's included: Maren Rozumalski and Ben Chiewphasa. Introductions included: Christa Strickler and Doug _____. 

Next, Matthew Dames described a couple of meetings he recently attended, and he outlined things he believes are significant because of the meetings. For example:

  * Dames attended a meeting with all the other deans where the provost said, "We [the University] ought to be a member of the AAU (Association of American Universities)." This is significant because the AAU and the Association of Research Libraries (ARL) have a significant cross-section of membership.

  * Dames attended a University Leadership Council Meeting where Dames learned the next University fund-raising efforts will be called the For Good Initiative, and the efforts will be facilitated differently than previous efforts; the process will be similar to our strategic planning process.

  * Dames emphasized that this year is a transition year where the keywords are: 1) coordination, 2) calibration, and 3) culture. To elaborate, we are currently emphasizing operational things, establishing a concrete culture of excellence, and now is the time to be taking risks as opposed to later when the push for AAU membership and the For Good Initiative are fully under way. 
  
Dames also brought to our attention that the role of Diversity Equity and Inclusion (DEI) will play a bigger part in next year's annual review and promotions processes. Specifics were not discussed.

Third, Marcy Simons reported there are zero open faculty positions, but three Associate University Librarian positions have been approved. The hiring process has barely begun.

Fourth, Dan Johnson and Randy Harrison reported on the Faculty Senate. While theSenate's work has just commenced, there was a successful retreat, Dan is taking a leadership role because he has become the chair of a committee, and Randy helped transform the Senate's website in the hopes of making the Senate's workings more transparent. 

Lastly, Parker Ladwig gave an update regarding the University Committee on Libraries, and for all intents and purposes, there is nothing to report because the first meeting has yet to happen.

--
Respectfully submitted, Eric Morgan
August 24, 2022


