

Sustainers and Strategic Planning in the Libraries, 2022

This missive outlines my personal responses regarding the definition of sustainers as they relate to the current strategic planning process.


Team Strategic Planning said:

  We are looking forward to hearing your perspectives on:

	* what sustainers are important to the work you do and where you
	  see those connecting to the plan
	* how the work of your program connects to the plan elements
	* elements of your work that you don’t see connecting to the plan
	  elements


What Sustainers Are Important?

In my mind, there are essentially four library-wide sustainers. None are more important than the others; each are necessary in order for the library to continue. These activities include:

  * Collecting - Libraries collect things, and these things are usually bibliographic in nature. Books. Journals. Magazines. Newspapers. Manuscripts. Etc. These things are the stuff of libraries. In many libraries, the people who do this work are called collection developers or bibliographers. 
  
  * Organizing - Once things have been identified for collection, the items are brought into the library and organized into a coherent whole. This process includes things like acquisitions (purchasing and licensing) as well as description (classification and cataloging). The people who do this work are usually called something like technical services staff. 
  
  * Preserving - Libraries try to keep the materials they acquire through the means of preservation. Sometimes this is facilitated by maintaining climate controlled buildings, physically repairing materials, caching items in an institutional repository, or participating in member organizations like HathiTrust. Archivists are usually the names of these people. 
  
  * Servicing - Once all the things above are put into place, we -- the Libraries -- provide services against them. With the advent of the Internet, the number of these services have increased in efforts to remain relevant. Examples abound: circulation, copying, searching & downloading, all sorts of different type of instruction, exhibits, presentations, events, etc. In the past, these people were usually called reference librarians, but now-a-days we call them public services staff.

Many people across the Libraries do all of these tasks. Some are very focused. Others are more general. Even here in the Center for Digital Scholarship I collect, organize, preserve, and provide services against bibliographic materials. For example, I may collect 50,000 United States Congressional Hearings, organize them into smaller piles, save them in computer-independent file formats which will be useable for decades, and enable students, researchers, and scholars to analyze, query, and read them for the purposes of learning and teaching.

Again, all of the sustainers are equally important, and if any one of them are absent then two things happen. First, you do not have a library, and second, you have the sound of one hand clapping. As wise man once said, "Collections without services are useless, and services without collections are empty." 


What's and How's

In my mind, the things outlined above are the what's of libraries. What do libraries do? They collect, organize, preserve, and provide services against things, usually books and journals. The what's change very  s l o w l y .  Depending on how you count, they have remained constant for centuries.

On the other hand, the how's of librarianship change relatively quickly. How we collect things has changed. For example, to what degree do we purchase things verus license them? The how we organize things has changed. Do we practice library hand and write catalog cards? Do we use the Dewey Decimal System or Library of Congress? Do we implement our data as MARC or linked Data? We preserve differently. Do we collect journals, and then bind them on a regular basis? Or do we put them in to things like Portico? To we passively allow scholars to write things and have them go no where, or do we make efforts to collect them, store them centrally, and then call the result an institutional repository? Public service has changed. Do we send an interlibrary loan object in the mail, via fax, or maybe just a link to a central location? Do we answer reference questions in the same way? Or have we moved to providing more sophisticated question-answering processes and call the results "information literacy" or "digital scholarship"?

Why to the how's of librarianship change so quickly when compared to the what's? The answer is rooted in: 1) technology, 2) economy, and 3) the fleeting nature of political realities. For example, the advent of the Internet changed and continues to change libraries forever. Duh! The costs of library materials changed what and how we acquire materials. Ask yourself, "What would you do differently if you had to pay 7% raise every year?" Finally, some things are only true while particular people are in power, and as soon as a different set of people are in power then there are new priorities. We here in the Libraries are experiencing all three of these things.


Connecting with Plan Elements, or Not

The elements of the plan include a mission, a vision, and a number of goals/objectives. More or less, I think our program connects with the elements; it is not difficult to read the elements and see how they can be manifested in the work I/we do here in the Center. On the other hand, when you consider libraries exist to provide collections and services to constituent communities, the elements of the plan seem too inwardly focused. Similarly, the mission, vision, and goals could seemingly be applied to just about any organization, not necessarily the Hesburgh Libraries; the elements are generic. Also, I ask the question, "How is the internally articulated mission expected to be similar or different from the mission articulated by the University's board of directors?"

In short, I can live with the elements as they are articulated. Each can easily be boiled down to an action verb applied against a noun. Consequently, we will apparently be developing many different processes. Now, at the very least, the next steps are three-fold: 1) make each of the goals/objectives "SMART", 2) put the plan into action, and 3) re-evaluate after a limited period of time. On our mark, get set, go!

--
Eric Lease Morgan, Librarian
University of Notre Dame

June 23, 2022






  