

What's been keeping me busy in the past week? Here are a number of things:

   1 I've made a few new books, and they are more than functional.

   2 I taught a few workshops, and to-date, about forty students have
   attended this semester's workshops. More students have been attending
   this semester than ever before.

   3 I gave a one-on-one workshop to an undergraduate student on the topic
   of natural langauge processing and Python. I believe she went back to
   her colleagues, with her youthful enthusiasm she shared what she
   learned, and now half a dozen additional students want the same. Yikes!

   4 I have taken the next steps in developing a set of Carpentry episodes
   on the topic of the Reader, and the process is a bit top-heavy with
   committees, templates, and technnology, let alone certification. On the
   other hand, I see Carpentries as an investment in my future.

   5 Through the exploitation of a protocol called OAI-PMH, I have
   downloaded the full text of about a dozen library-related journals, and
   there are approximately 15,000 individual files in this collection

   6 I faciliated a Tech Seminar, and so far Mark Robison has drawn the
   biggest crowd.

   7 I worked with the student of Project Monetary Policy, and I tried to
   impress upon her characteristics of digital scholarship which include:
   attribution, intellectual property, software as a form of academic
   writing, and all things open. I also taught her how to use the software
   I wrote to generate her own time-series data. She was wide-eyed.

   8 I successfully extracted the transcription from a video using Adobe
   Primier Pro. Once I actually got the software, the process was trivial.

   9 This morning I began reading the whole of two journals: 1) College &
   Research Libraries, and 2) Information Technology And Libraries. The
   corpus dates from 1939 to the present, and I want to know what themes,
   trends, or topics are manifested in these titles and how they ebbed &
   flowed over time. The attached chart illustrates the barest beginnings
   of my analysis. 'Makes sense, if you ask me.

Next week's activities will be much of the same as above.

--
Eric Lease Morgan <emorgan@nd.edu>
November 2, 2022



