Are the green fields gone?
Head winds are far more prevalent than winds from what direction?
How can a monied man enter heaven?
How did I feel about sailing?
How did I perform the part I did?
How do passengers get sea sick?
How many men cherish almost the same feelings towards the ocean with me?
How many Patagonian sights and sounds did the monster have?
How many paths do you take?
I am quick to perceive what?
Narcissus plunged into what fountain and was drowned?
What are mortal men fixed in ocean reveries?
What are some leaning against the spiles?
What are thousands upon thousands of mortal men fixed in?
What attracts them thither?
What did I never fancied broiling?
What did I see in the disguises that were presented to me?
What did the Greeks give the sea a separate deity?
What did the idea of the great whale roused all my curiosity about?
What did the mysterious monster roused all my curiosity?
What did the sailors on the forecastle think he breathed first?
What did the whaling voyage welcome?
What do cattle sleep in?
What do crowds seem bound for?
What does a grasshopper in a May meadow touch one's sense of honor?
What does a sailor require to be able to bear?
What does a simple sailor do when he goes to sea?
What does Cato throw upon his sword?
What does each of the trees have a hollow trunk, as if a hermit and a crucifix were within?
What does Gabriel think of me in the New Testament?
What does it require a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street?
What does not mean that I ever go to sea as a passenger?
What does the Commodore on the quarter-deck get at second hand from the sailors on the forecastle?
What does the commonalty lead their leaders in many other things?
What does the strong decoction of Seneca and the Stoics enable you to do?
What do I bring up the rear of every funeral I meet?
What do I do to take care of myself without taking care of ships, barques, brigs, schooners and what else?
What do I do when I begin to grow hazy about the eyes and begin to be over conscious of my lungs?
What do I do when my hypos get an upper hand of me?
What do I love to sail forbidden seas and land on barbarous coasts?
What do landsmen of week days pent up in lath and plaster--tied to counters, nailed to benches, clinched to desks?
What do the old Egyptians do to the mummies of the Egyptians?
What do the old sea-captains order me about?
What do the streets take you to?
What do the tallest boys stand in awe of you?
What do they order me about?
What do you see around Corlears Hook?
What helped to sway me to my wish?
What image do we see in all rivers and oceans?
What is an example of an old established family in the land?
What is a rag unless you have something in it?
What is a way I have of driving off the spleen and regulating the circulation?
What is Cato's substitute for pistol and ball?
What is magic in it?
What is magic in the desert?
What is perhaps the most uncomfortable infliction that the two orchard thieves entailed upon us?
What is the key to life?
What is the most romantic landscape in all the valley of the Saco?
What is the most uncomfortable infliction of paying?
What is the name of the insular city of the Manhattoes?
What is the name of the tree that shakes down its sighs like leaves upon?
What is the one charm wanting?
What is the root of all earthly ills?
What is the transition from schoolmaster to sailor?
What is the universal thump passed around?
What is the urbane activity with which a man receives money really marvellous?
What kind of fowl do I go to sea?
What kind of interlude did the bill have?
What kind of officer is a cook on ship-board?
What kind of part did I play in comedies?
What kind of person do I never go to sea as?
What kind of toils, trials, and tribulations do I abominate?
What must they get just as nigh the water as they possibly can without falling in?
What must you have in order to go as a passenger?
What part of the grand programme of Providence was drawn up a long time ago?
What satisfaction do I have knowing that it is all right?
What should all hands rub each other's shoulder-blades and be content with?
What stage managers put me down for the shabby part of a whaling voyage?
What surrounds it with her surf?
What swayed me to my purpose?
What two things are wedded for ever?
What was Ishael's name?
What was one of the motives for performing the part I did?
What was the name of the grand hooded phantom?
What was the name of the place where one lodges?
What was the title of the song?
What were stage managers set down for in genteel comedies?
What will infallibly lead you to water?
What will not content them but the extremest limit of the land?
What would you travel miles to see if Niagara was a cataract of sand?
When does even this wear off?
When I find myself growing grim about the mouth, what do I do?
Where are you in?
Where are you in the country?
Where do the inlanders come from?
Where do you wade knee-deep among Tiger-lilies in June?
Where is the noble mole washed by waves and cooled by breezes?
Who can better answer than anyone else?
Who do I abandon the glory and distinction of such offices to?
Who has the constant surveillance of me and secretly influences me?
Who is Ishmael?
Who is the invisible police officer of the Fates?
Who performed the song "WHALING VOYAGE BY ONE ISHMAEL?"
Who thinks anything the less of me?
Who wants to paint you the dreamiest, quietest, most enchanting bit of romantic landscape in the desert?
Who will speak more respectfully, not to say reverentially of a broiled fowl than I?
Why did the Greeks give sea a separate deity and own brother of Jove?
Why did the old Persians hold the sea holy?
Why did the poor poet of Tennessee decide to buy him a coat?
Why do airlines never pay passengers a penny that I ever heard of?
Why do I always go to sea as a sailor?
Why do sailors pay me for my trouble?
Why is almost every robust healthy boy with a robust healthy soul crazy to go to sea?
