Do we collect journals?
Do we collect journals and then bind them on a regular basis?
Do we put them in to things like Portico?
How are collections organized?
How do we collect things?
How do we preserve?
How do we send an object in the mail, via fax or just a link to a central location?
How is the internal articulated mission expected to be different from the University's board of directors?
How long have the how's of librarianship remained constant?
How many goals does the Center have?
How many library-wide sustainers are there?
How many steps are there to make each of the goals/objectives SMART?
How many United States Congressional Hearings do I collect?
In what year are sustainers and strategic planning in the libraries?
To we passively allow scholars to write things and have them go where?
What are collection developers called in libraries?
What are collections of books called?
What are computer-independent file formats that will be useable for decades?
What are important to the work you do?
What are now-a-days called?
What are the elements of the Hesburgh Libraries generic?
What are the next steps?
What are the people who do cataloging called?
What are the people who do this work called?
What are the three elements of a plan?
What can be easily boiled down to?
What changed libraries forever?
What changed what and how we acquire materials?
What does the Center for Digital Scholarship collect, organize, preserve, and provide services against?
What does the program connect with?
What do I save them in?
What do libraries collect?
What do libraries collect, organize, preserve, and provide services against?
What do libraries exist to provide to constituent communities?
What do libraries provide after all the above is done?
What do Libraries provide services against?
What do libraries try to keep the materials they acquire through?
What do students, researchers, and scholars use these file formats for?
What do the elements of the plan seem to be too inwardly focused?
What do we call the result of a collection of interlibrary loan objects?
What do we call the results of librarianship?
What do you see the work of your program connecting to?
What has changed in the public service?
What has changed relatively quickly?
What is a mission, a vision and a number of goals/objectives?
What is Eric Lease Morgan's job title?
What is MARC?
What is one thing that happens when a library is absent?
What is the answer to the question of how librarianship changes?
What is the definition of sustainers in the Libraries?
What is the name of the Librarian at Notre Dame?
What is the process of bringing items into a library?
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
What system does the Library of Congress use?
What were reference librarians called in the past?
What would you do differently if you had to pay 7% raise every year?
Where is the Center for Information Technology located?
Who are usually the names of the people who are responsible for archiving items?
Who once said that collections without services are useless?
With the advent of the internet, the number of these services have increased in efforts to remain relevant?
